joey motherfuckin dears sup brother and
just on the drive up here I was thinking
about all the busted assholes that are
in the hospital today from the gay pride
parade yes can you imagine how many guys
went down there just to say I love
getting fucked me ass this time bro let
me tell you something that was one of
the biggest turnouts my friend went he
said he had a fucking blast one of my
buddies said he had a blast blast gay
people great in fucking New York all
over everywhere everyday they're
celebrating they can be frightening but
anybody who's got a problem with that is
crazy
but I'm the dark side let's talk about
the facts here a couple confused little
young white dudes went down a yesterday
sure I'll go have a drink oh yeah some
guys who just wanted to be an ally
allied to the gay folks I just want you
know I'm not gay but I am your ally next
thing you know Jed's millionaire
that's so brother that's what guys have
to remember gay dudes are dudes it's the
all same rules apply all same rules of
scumbag eree
that apply to men apply to gay men yeah
that's like three types of game is this
gay guys that aren't interested yeah
there's gay guys the semi interested and
the gay guys that live to convert it
hurts my feelings as a 51 year old man
that that's still a big deal that anyone
cares at all it really does it hurts my
feelings
cuz I thought that by the time I was a
fucking middle-aged 51 year old father
that we'd be done with that people
wouldn't care if other people were gay
like of all this shit to worry about of
all the shit in the world to worry about
you worrying about guys who like guys
like what do you give a fuck and they
always go biblical they always go
biblical like it's always that if God
wanted the view in the Bible all that is
that shit drives me crazy where I lived
in my old house in North Hollywood there
was a gay couple cross the street two
dudes one was a pilot for a major
airline and he was in the process and
the other guy got fired from Target but
being a transgender this goes back to
and they had cats and you know me though
I talked to the guys about cats there
was an old guy down the block that would
come home and talk to Mike you can't
block them old white dude like he can't
talk them cannon carries in that
neighborhood I don't want to Morelos
fucking assholes moving here and I go
there round here feeding fucking
homeless cats what's the you know I am
right til this day whenever I go to my
old neighborhood and I see him outside
and pull over I talk to him say hello
they're just too sweet people trying to
be fucking it just being who they are
trying to be who the fuck they are then
we make jokes hey I made jokes from the
whole thing but at the end of the day I
learned the hard way and I talked about
on stage the other night you were there
when I said that my daughter invited me
to a party yeah that she went to school
with a kid and his parents are
transgender and I felt kind of weird and
I went and on the way out I looked at
the kid I seen 60 transgender people
they could they come from a community
yeah and I saw this little kid smiling
like I'm adopted that kids a doctor look
what they're doing for that kid they're
making him my wife like and I closed the
door I went in right now and like I said
in the joke I hugged the lead tranny
just said I will fucking tighten that's
it I eat the food
nice yeah it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter the only time it matters with me
is with sports just stop with that just
stop with that and where we're gonna be
fine
with this site look there's some
statistic see if this is true that
someone sent me that out of the 14
states that allow high school kids to
compete as the gender that they they
identify with rather than their
biological gender in those 14 states
transgender students are just dominating
transgender male-to-female there's
dominating there they're winning
everything it's it's great I know you
have problems with the boxer I have
promised a lot of sports all of it when
it when it comes to like power sports
like I'm not sure they've done the work
here I don't like this idea that every
trend is like they use the excuse of
outliers and the outliers are there some
like super athletes
like you can get a regular girl who
weighs 145 pounds or you can get you
know a run to Rousey weighs 145 pounds
you know there's like there's extreme
athletes that are people that are
different right like Serena Williams is
clearly a different level of athlete
than a regular person right a regular
girl who's like her weight she's just
superior and I think that that is what
you see with some of these transgender
athletes that come over to become women
they say well they're no different than
like Ann Ann Woolf
who was like a superior athlete female
box your CN wolf knocked girls out no
dude dude she haymakers his chick with
the right hand and said when the ball's
brutal one punch knockout so you've ever
seen men or women perfect technique boom
just wait Lay's this girl timber she
falls out cold and there's not a whole
lot of women other than maybe Amanda
Nunez but Amanda Nunez is doing it with
them little gloves on I wonder if she
would be able to do it like that with
those big gloves I think she probably
could cuz she hits that goddamn hard but
you know you got to judge each sport by
you know the like we see Paulie
Malignaggi goes over to bare-knuckle
boxing he doesn't do that well in
comparison to say like if somebody like
you know like a really good high-level
striker with knockout power with the big
gloves on would you put like if you put
Deontay Wilder and little gloves I don't
imagine anybody being able to take that
he's fucking people up at like a
heavyweight with those big gloves so
it's a different thing you know so who
the fuck knows but that the idea is the
outlier the outlier like the the if you
get one superior athlete and then you
have them sort of commensurate with the
chance gender athlete a guy who was an
athlete who became a woman and you know
in his 30s and they just identify as
goes through the surgery but how much
benefit does he take of having
testosterone flow through his body for
30-plus years we really don't know it
doesn't mean you hate transgender people
doesn't mean you don't love everyone
doesn't
you don't want everyone to live their
life and and be whoever they want to be
with a total freedom I don't think we
have we have males compete against males
for a reason because we feel like it's
more fair even though it's not like it's
not more fair if I'm playing basketball
against Michael Jordan that's not fair
he's better it is better athlete there's
just people that have got to be way
better than you no matter what you do
like if I had trained all my life to be
a better basketball player than Michael
Jordan it's not even physically possible
right so there's outliers in males but
when the outliers when there's so many
you have to when you see so many
transgender athletes that are dominating
in sports and then when you add combat
sports which is how I got involved in
this when a woman was doing that who was
a transgender woman just not telling
anybody and saying it was a medical
issue well that's fucking crazy we all
we know we want to pretend that
everyone's equal you know we want
inclusiveness and we want peace we want
everyone to get along we want equality
want gender equality okay I get it
I see where you go but we also have to
look at reality the reality is there's
just fucking giant physical differences
these transgender athletes are
dominating against women who are born a
woman they have to be a woman their
whole life they never have 30 years of
testosterone through their throne
flowing through their veins it's like
doing steroids for 30 years and then
stopping it's crazy that's what I think
you're freaking me out you know I just
smoke some reefer me too man get me on
this subject I don't even know how to
follow Oh transgender people but but as
human beings I love them all I love
everybody
dude I Eddie Izzard is one of my
favorite guests of all time he's so
interesting he's been transgender since
85 I believe he said prefers women likes
women it was not not a gay fellow just
likes dressing up as a woman and
extremely intelligent very interest a
fucking that special me very old 15
years ago was my mom yeah say what you
want to say it was mine I was up there
with the great specials because it
hadn't loved a one-man-show tone to it
yeah you didn't qualify it as a special
but when you look at it as a whole it
was a great fucking
performance he's a special person and
just happens to be transgender it kind
of makes them even more interesting
speaking about special people
I got to apologize to you for something
for me because I've always had this
discrepancy last night I went out for a
little while I got home I had a couple
numbers in me I grabbed the fucking
Apple I saw the cast online and I put
the TV out of it in front of me was the
Blues Brothers ooh what was the last
time I watched The Blues Brothers I
don't know so the scene that opens up is
them at the restaurant when he's trying
to talk to maitre d and to join the band
and there's a family next to him a
husband a wife and three daughters and
the guys tell them I'm not gonna join
the band so he goes really you're gonna
join him and he takes a bottle of
champagne he goes oh it's a table he
goes
so how much for the little girls I
wasn't ready for that I just lost it
right he's like so how much so little
girls and the guys like Watney goes for
the women I want to pay you for the
women and the guys like you know
Sarah sure he turns around the guy comes
over breaks his balls again he fucking
turns over to the guy again me go sir
how much for the wife wife this is class
this is crazy
this is craziness mouth full of food and
Dan Aykroyd continues eating in the
background dog and Dan we gotta talk
about Dan Aykroyd cuz he's been like a
hemorrhoid he's the silent he don't make
a bull and the guy is phenomenal
yeah he's still around and if you don't
believe me watch him movie named my girl
and then watch this and then watch him
the fucking Liberace movie he still
outlasted everybody you know he's a
serious believer in UFOs what are you
gonna do everything's got problems right
here right here when he threatens him
react how much for the wife okay look at
the guys choking his shit
champagne and then watch fucking dan
aykroyd watch what he does he goes if
you don't fucking if you don't join the
band we will be in here every day for
breakfast lunch and fucking dinner and
watch a dan Aykroyd doesn't this fancy
restaurant but Joe it doesn't stop that
they get in the car they drive off look
at them look at them that's craziness
this is the last of real comedic if
you're gonna get into comedy or you want
to be
this is comedy 101 they walk out they
get into a car that black fucking car
this is non-stop Joe Rogan right there's
not like a hard like there's no mouth
they get into a car they get into
traffic that the cop comes up two meters
as Nazis I have a parade and he goes
Belushi goes Illinois Nazis I hate them
more than anything he looks and Aykroyd
they fucking pull over and they take the
car and go right for the Nazis the Nazis
have to jump off the bridge white people
are clapping and shit that they knock
them off then they pull into a black
neighborhood who's playing the fucking
guitar your boy John Lee Hooker down in
the middle of the street thunka thunka
thunka just playing the fucking guitar
then after he's singing the song
brothers fucking everywhere doing that
business John Lee Hooker damn Belushi
and Aykroyd they just staring them down
from there they walk into a diner to get
the fucking guitar play and it's a Rita
Franklin and I read the Frank gonna get
half the fucking I'm sitting at midnight
I gotta go to bed I gotta get a Pacific
in with the baby I don't give a fuck I'm
watching this Aretha Franklin goes off
they do a dance the black dude leaves
with the white guitar player then what
the fuck should I go a pawn shop with
the fucking black piano player Ray
Charles he's the pawn shop owner he
opens up the thing he's blind he owns a
pawnshop look at him he owns a Porsche
this doesn't stop Wow
I had a fucking finally go to bed and
then I felt bad about going to bed they
will never make a movie like this ever
ever again then they start dancing
like it's grease they start dancing let
it go Jay they start dancing lettuce
like it is fucking grease
look at this this will never happen
again Joe Rogan black people flipping in
the air this one three on the cut this
will never happen again these release
old shit this direct isn't this point
level
look at these two you did Belushi gave a
fuck
Wow look how free people were in movies
there was no superhero
of course millions to make this at movie
that you know I forgot our goddamn fun
this movies movies fuck and then the
chick that died on the airplane
what's the chick that died on the
airplane that was a Star Wars chick that
died on the airplane that was it's the
chick last year maybe the best
description of anybody ever at the refry
had that killed her what's that chick
that on the plane she had sleep apnea
she was doing pills on the plane who
played the actress and Star Wars
Carrie Fisher Carrie Fisher is chasing
him throughout the whole movie because
and then they go into the bar and they
tell the fucking dude that they're the
good old boys oh my god this is don't
stop whoever wrote this directed this
shot this so this whole movie they have
the Nazis are looking for John Candy's
looking for him with the State Police
wow that's old Chicago this is wild man
it's just what what the folks who were
just listening just says the Blues
Brothers 1980 shake a tailfeather scene
four of nine on movieclips how does that
work would like oh yeah are they allowed
to show that yeah they've made a deal
with them because this links also to the
if you want to watch it you can pay
right here to rent it and all that stuff
get this stuff you know it means yes
fully support buying this movie you're
looking at me going Joey it's economy
why are they dead look at the it just
adds to the brilliance they look like
they're having a good time all that if
they're not snorting blow not doing
okay now what is this movie where he
would walk off the set and just knocked
on people's door one of those movies
well this fucking nut when they would
say cut you've got you know a team go
sit down
Belushi was so fucked up for the night
before he would just wander off into a
neighborhood just not somebody's doing
go you mind if I crash on your couch no
yeah bro looking for my neighborhood
just shit he would just find people and
ask to sleep on that Joe Rogan what door
could you knock God look the Blues
Brothers mayhem John Belushi fell asleep
in a stranger's house dan Aykroyd
proposed to carries for this is crazy
like this was this Caddyshack you know
when they shot Caddyshack they shot in
Florida I hope when paramount went down
that they'd fucking win nuts
they're like dog they found everybody
snorting coke rodney was throwing a
party they could you know this is a
different type of movie these people
having fun that's the difference dad and
fun on that set there's probably alcohol
the directors drinking you know he's
keeping their bill how many extras of
dancing fucking hundreds they were all
in tune and it was like everybody loved
that movie that's one of the rare movies
with a musical scene that fucking
everybody loved the Blues Brothers right
now the Blues Brothers Scott I'm saying
that live like that was a sketch I I
guess so yeah Aykroyd wrote it mmm John
Landis directed it they co-wrote it
together Ackroyd's crazy into UFOs he's
like one of the main celebrities they
pull up when people start talking about
I like UFO real believers he's done like
little clips where he narrates things do
you have faux shows and shit he fucking
believes well didn't they just release
that even more belief now but yeah those
yeah it's fun I don't know if it's real
but uh it's fun that's how I feel doc I
did a podcast with jim Florentine and I
explained the jim Florentine that what
people don't know is that Hudson County
New Jersey northern New Jersey is the
number one place in the country where
they have them
UFO sightings really northern New Jersey
look it up Jamie if you get a minute
please not to be rude but isn't that
like near a couple airports no it's
closer to like that you know like when
you live on New York City and then you
look at the Hudson River they say that
people on there babbling they're
drinking coffee I talked on the phone
and they'll see a little flying saucer
and I know for a fact that in 1976 a
little one whatever the fuck they are I
know for a fact that in 1975 in 1976 you
could check me out on this are you a
full land in the Hudson County Park I
was a kid in the next day the feds
locked off the park that yellow tape
they had samples go look it up dog they
say you at fault busy that's you see
that that that that's called the North
Bergen is where I'm from that's called I
forget what it's called but it was so
there was it's a circular building so
they did so much coke in there in the
eighties they call this the grinder
that's the thing called because it was
shaped like a little hedge the
Stonehenge I have a couple friends that
lived there people that lived in that
building have seen UFOs for fucking
years and if you go to YouTube there's
an actual North Hudson Park UFO they dug
up they even they came out tomorrow
there's a liquor store and the liquor
store guy says he's seen the lights
mm-hmm you heard like the organ music
that they play hmm they landed a couple
Martians got out and took samples and
got back in the thing and took off
there's a youtube thing there's a
History Channel special about it and I
still remember being a young kid do you
find anything Jamie not give that that
was what's popping up all this stuff
about that building and it says a UFO
landed that's what the story I'm reading
right now is what he's saying yeah and
witnesses you know it's not just one guy
that says oh no UFO it's people who got
knocked on the door and said dude did
you see anything anything at 11:00 10:00
at night and I said you know what there
were lights flashing outside they
contacted police departments to see if
there was a man they went full and the
FBI came in circled the park closed it
was by the Little League field in Hudson
County but it is a step you know like
you'd think it was area 51 you'd think
it was close to the northern
Vegas the number one place to see UFOs
is northern New Jersey they even made a
reference to it and The Sopranos when he
said something he goes what are you
talking about last week you said you
said you have fallen hackensack because
that's where they're at Hackensack
Moonachie right though those you gonna
Moonachie new jersey a lot of ugly yeah
a lot of people with big heads the only
new jersey this fuckin Segovia Spanish
restaurant it's been there since
nineteen fuck inch lemansky I don't know
but that's the only good thing about
Moonachie I think those people in
Moonachie I've been abducted enough and
they put them back as big-headed
motherfuckers I did a gig there a couple
times
oh yeah they used to be like a bar
there's a bar that did something Bob
gonzo gig yes outside the seat Club was
it yeah it's outside no no I think Bob
is more down to shore he had a button
well he had gigs all he had gigs all
over Bob how I met Bob was he did a gig
in Romano's Italian restaurant in my
hometown and my buddy's like hey aren't
you a comedian let's take you up there
everyone up there Bob's like I don't
know you know he's unknown and next
thing Bob came up there's like I got to
put you out cuz my friends threatened me
so Bob poked me haven't we've become
friends ever since
that's awesome I think I follow I'm on
Facebook we have a chat from time to
time on Facebook but here for you UFO
motherfuckers look into northern New
Jersey that's the fucking mother lode of
them that's interesting I read that
before but I kind of go 51 51 UFO
sightings in 2018 is a you get biased
because the the the story is always some
person in the woods and they get
abducted they see a UFO and some strange
town in the middle of nowhere the aliens
land abduct people you always think
about it being a rural thing but if I
was an alien
of course I'd go to New York City of
course I go to New Jersey what what the
fuck why wouldn't you you want to go see
the craziest thing we have you got like
seven million people stuff together on a
fucking tiny island and in comparison to
the rest of the planet stuff stacked on
top of each other awesome amazing
buildings in all these lights at Times
Square look at all these people mowing
around
traveling over these bridges to get to
this one hub there's one hive of
humanity of course if I was an alien I
would check that out why would I look at
a barn you know no man you savage joked
that well the United States is the
Tijuana of outer space - they're like
well we doing this weekend wanna fuck em
they come down when they're fucked up
and they want to see a shell policy that
was the whole bit as I think aliens come
here when they're high I did think
they'd just get fucked up they like come
on let's go let's go check out the
monkeys this Cole dude come on let's
abduct a couple of them have a good time
let's go see there it's monkey pen I
think I never saw a fucking UFO I want
to I never have though I want to see it
land and I want to see one of those
green dudes get out so I think I I
thought I saw some shit when I was a kid
but as I got older I thought that was
like a fighter jet or something that's
what that was like there's something oh
god it's a real sketchy memory it's one
of those memories that's like barely
active but I remember thinking for like
a day or two when I was a little kid
maybe I saw a UFO but I think I was
trying to convince myself of it you know
I was bored but I think it was a jet I
think it was something something fast
and unusual have you ever seen one of
those stealth bombers that looks like a
fucking UFO you're seeing one of those
things in the sky no yes it looks like a
star wars when you go to like a Blue
Angels no those are like I think those
are f-18s that's what I think it is I
think that's what that is
I flew in one of those I had a bit about
that too yeah you hold on to the hand
you got a do you hook either hold on
your handle if you're steering the plane
or you hold on your straps if you're a
pastor I was a strut I was in the
passenger seat so I grabbed the whole my
straps and you have to go and you have
to force blood in your brain stay awake
that's how much g-force you're going
through it's insane see that's that's
one of those stealth bombers I saw one
of those in the air over I guess it's
Edwards Air Force Base is that what the
one it is that's his Edwards the one
that's out near Palmdale I think that's
it cuz we used to film fear
factor in palmdale and we saw that they
fly overhead like that look at that
thing
tell me that doesn't look like it's from
another planet when you're on the ground
and you see that fly overhead you're
like what the fuck is that so I think
that's responsible for a bunch of the
things that people saw I think it's
military crafts connection question on
an article you pulled up to 51 sightings
what type of sightings do you look at
this fucking thing what is considered
what is considered a society well the
thing is like you just see shit but how
do you know if what are you doing you
know these are the sightings okay we'll
go back to that video look at that thing
I mean come on if you're just sitting on
the ground you saw that you're like
they're coming the aliens are coming
that does not look like it's from this
world that thing is madness especially
with those two guys next door
cat it's fucking beautiful duh like what
an amazing design that thing flying
through it looks like something on a
keyboard you know it's like a symbol on
a keyboard and it's just flying
perfectly through the air that looks
like the future I mean that really does
look like it's from another world
I would imagine like little blue dudes
black eyes and talking to each other in
that thing right going through fucking
wormholes and shit and that's what that
thing looks like and what's the what's
the thing that they're gonna have a
hundred years from now just imagine that
I just want to know what what the
logistics is for it to be considered a
legenda illegitimate sighting legitimate
sighting legitimate sign it just means
that someone saw it you know you you
don't like if you're a lawyer okay and
you see something and then you convince
yourself that what you saw was something
extraordinary I mean you have the
feeling that you're looking at something
from another world but if it's just some
drone or some military vehicle and then
you look at it and then you convince
yourself then it becomes a bigger and
bigger deal in your head that's a
problem with people doesn't mean that
everybody that see something is seeing
that people are kind of full of shit
well let's see you see let's say there's
a 1-800 call Martian mmm-hmm alright I
see a fucking thing I call that twenty
hundred calm I saw Martian ok whatever
the fuck okay
1-800 Martian right I don't the fall off
stop ring okay the phone stop ring it
will never start playing it be people
knocking the Martians my concern is when
do they consider it incredible what does
it take for it to be credible for me for
it to be credible I got to see the
motherfucker land get out my might take
is usually military guys when when you
have military fighter pilots
that's a extraordinary human those
that's a you know if you can be one of
those guys that flies one of those b12b
twos to for them to trust you with that
billion-dollar fucking spaceship dude
you got to be a an exceptional human you
there's no room for someone who's full
of shit you're gonna be a top-flight
fighter pilot you're gonna fly around
with gunfights in the sky because that's
what they do they have gunfights in the
fucking sky those guys are exceptional
human beings so when they see something
that's when I listen for sure everybody
else I'm not not not that I wouldn't
listen but I don't know you know you
might be crazy but if some and you might
be crazy even if you're in the military
you might be crazy if you're a fighter
pilot it's 100 percent for those fighter
pilots and all those if what's pilots
that do test runs and whatever they they
see they say that things there's a bunch
of signings not another thing a bunch of
sightings is a bunch of sightings from
these really credible guys what is it
fleet of UFOs followed US aircraft Navy
pilot says yeah I'm not all about see
these guys that are talking about these
things these aren't guys with histories
of embellishing things there's I mean
they have this whatever that is is that
radar what are they looking at is that
infrared like what is that screen that
they're looking for does it say what
kind of image it is because it's like a
weird look it's not like a photograph
right it's like a weird computer image
because it's um it's it's detecting it
right with some piece of equipment right
isn't it
like tracking on radar or something like
that I know what you're saying I feel
like I've heard that description of it
too with this this article just says
it's a video of two aerial encounters
but that video doesn't look very clear
why isn't it clear my phone does a
better job not shit
cameras on those I mean that was better
have good kind of mean they don't have
good ones but like and we're gonna catch
movement at that high speed up there
yeah all that stuff oh so it would
require some exceptional gear I think
and it could have also been at night I
don't know what time of day it was
mmm so convenient so convenient do they
never have a clear picture that drives
me fucking crazy drives me fucking crazy
because if it is real I am I love I want
it to be real honestly I really do but
when I look at I go god damn so many
people are so crazy and so many people
are so full of shit you personally
believe and so do I don't don't don't
that mean there's other galaxies out
there it has to be well they're
definitely the galaxies of the
civilization those civilizations yeah
some form somewhere how the nine planets
has got a beat dude there was something
but I don't know what I'm not gonna sit
here and tell you what they called or
whatever but there has to be something
at this point you have to believe that
the universe is too big it's just too
big to discount to say no I doubt it
like that's so crazy to say this is
because we haven't seen it yet it's so
big okay nobody caught in what he said
that though tracking equipment radar and
infrared cameras on his aircraft
detected UFOs both times he was unable
to capture them on his helmet camera
okay so maybe we couldn't look at it hmm
get it and good vision or whatever I
maybe ya know or that's a good accent
why he I would imagine as fast as those
goddamn things are going it must be
really hard to focus in and out and
that's interesting he says that
lieutenant Ryan Grimes believes graves
whatever a squadron of UFO foul his Navy
Strike Group up and down the eastern
coast of the US for months hmm that's
I'm Tonya ya little fucking I read
something about the Hudson River and all
those people have live across the Hudson
River whether on the Weehawken Edgewater
side or the west side of Manhattan those
are where the people and their balconies
see all that shit look at this shit we
did have issues with them when we went
to the Middle East
lieutenant grave said okra Majan them
following the war
imagine if you were there were aliens
and they came down to follow the war so
they see the war going on in Iraq
Afghanistan come down and they're
checking it out just to go on a cynical
side of this they're not necessarily
saying they are an alien ship they're
saying it's a UFO so it's something
they're not sure of what are some sort
of awesome drone that some
middle-eastern company hasn't it can
just follow shit upon semester or
something sure that would be the more
likely death its explanation right
terrestrial would be more likely that
someone has advanced shit
we know they have advanced yet I mean we
know they have incredible drones you
know I mean the stuff that they can do
no very they got drunk that Green Berets
of SEALs you put razor blades on and
they slit your fucking throat when
you're driving whoa that's how good the
technology is on those drones Jesus
Christ I wouldn't be shocked if they
give you all kinds of things you're
gonna be standing there and they could
take the drone to just come down
no fucking way but razor blades onto
some shit well you could totally see
someone having a small drone like a
small thing like the size of a
cheeseburger
that adds poison in it and you just slam
it into somebody you can I could see
that this but but you're seeing when
you're seeing stuff that's flying around
the sky most likely is made by a person
because people make stuff and people
know how to make stuff that flies around
the sky but then when you get to shit
they like defies physics like some of
the things these fighter pilots see
that's when you got to go wait a minute
you see these extraordinary feats of
traversing distances like they can get
from one place to another place so fast
it looks like they disappear this is
something they all talk about they all
talk about the insane speed which these
things can go they could just change
angles they can just go and then take a
hard right angle turn they can do stuff
that nothing that we know how to make
can do that's where it gets to be like
whoa like nothing it's not like it's
like oh that's like a fighter jet but
like really fast you know I'm saying
it's like an alien car oh it's like a
car but it's way faster
you know it's an alien car but this is
not like anything that we make these
fucking things they fly this way they
say flat like a like a plate hovering
over the ground or but when they go to
fly when they go to take off they flip
up sideways and they have like the
bottom of the spaceship is pointing
towards where it wants to go and it does
something to space and time make some
sort of fucking magnetic gravity
connection insert big spooky words
whatever they know they don't know how
the fuck it does it right this thing can
go like insane distances and insanely
small amounts of time then when they all
report the same kind of behavior of
these there's so many of these reports
are like that they're talking about this
thing that goes insanely fast turns on
its side it looks like a tic-tac it
looks like a saucer it looks like
they're trying to figure out what the
fuck the shape is because it's moving so
goddamn fast but it's doing stuff that
nothing we know how to make can do I
don't know if it's from another planet
it might be from here it's exciting shit
I wanted to be from another planet
that's what I want
like unbiased like what am i honest what
I would I would love it just be
completely honest I would love it if was
aliens but it was people I'd be even
more scared because they goddamn people
can do that people can do that and no
one knew like some because if you could
imagine a person who can make a
spaceship that defies all of the rules
that we know about travel about air
travel they can make something that
defies all that shit and somehow another
keep the whole development and
production of it a secret and then have
this thing and take it off and no one
knows how the fuck they did it that's
almost more impressive than aliens
because that's what these things are
doing is so if these are these pilots
are accurately reading what's happening
and they're telling the truth the thing
that's remarkable is their stories are
very consistent there's a lot of very
similar stories from different people
that there make a living flying
superfast warships
hope they see things they know what the
fuck they're looking at they see
something they don't know
like what in the fuck is that when they
see something like that that freaks me
out
that's when he gets me because when it's
some fucking kids riding his bike to
school and he looks up and he sees a UFO
okay maybe it did happen maybe it did
happen maybe the kids being 100% honest
or maybe he was bored maybe he was bored
and decided to make up a crazy story and
stuck with it and then after a while
telling it maybe he believed in himself
that happens to people see things they
don't know what they're seeing they
decide that it's a different thing I've
said this before but it's a true story
when I was in in Alberta there's wolves
there and I thought I saw a wolf for
like a whole second it was a squirrel
fucking squirrel but I saw gray fur
movement wolf squirrel like if you're
dumb or if you're compromised or if
you're a little drunk maybe a little
tired you know maybe just saw something
that looked really weird because of you
know whatever weather conditions that
are affecting some part of the world you
live in these things called ball
lightning flies through the air you know
it's it looks like a UFO you ever see
that shit it's like a real natural
phenomenon somebody might see something
like that and then add a bunch of other
shit to it and that's where you get a
lot of these stories they get like
natural phenomenon and then people are
adding a bunch of shit to things but
then on top of that you have credible
stories and you can't throw out any of
them like you got a you it's when you
look at all these things you can't
decide just because there's a bunch of
crackpot stories about UFOs that the
ones by legitimate fighter pilots that
those aren't real you can't look at it
that way it's crazy to look at it that
way because it's more likely there's
something out there then there isn't
something out there there's way more
likely when I was a kid that happened
Hudson County Park I wrote it off I
didn't even pay attention I'm a man
riding my bike up there saying the Fed
tape and seeing people with those orange
protective suits on yeah well I didn't I
was like these people fucking out in my
mind then one that I got I five or six
years ago and I saw it if somebody had
posted on Facebook a YouTube
and I read more more into it and I
discounted it until I read the accounts
of the 28 people you know in that
building the liquor store there was a
guy who had just got dropped off a bus
in New York the buses drop you off there
from New York mm-hmm the bus driver said
there was a flash he thought you know
there was just so many people with
stories that you know they didn't see a
fucking guy get out only three people
saw people get out hmm nobody else
discounted the lights and the noise and
other bullshit that went with it
I wanna shit my fucking pants if I live
in that building I saw three little
Martians get out or they could just be
fucking hold on who knows who gives a
fuck yeah man you just wanted to tell
you that that's where people can get
freaked out and they can you know they
can think all kinds of things that
didn't really happen
any one night I was on acid I thought it
was a fucking I thought the FBI was out
there with dogs laughter next day it was
fucking a fire I know all right I dumped
the ounce of coke down the toilet oh my
god he does i hallucinating because when
you doing coke more than fucking ten
hours you start hallucinating
I started hallucinating I thought it was
fucking dogs and it was a fire hydrant
you know how stupid I felt the next day
pretty fucking stupid huh pretty fucking
stupid i sat there and I went over and
patted the hydrant
you fuck you fuck this is the problem
with any story liked all these fucking
UFO stories it's people's memory
memories not that good it's not that
good it's too hard to figure out what it
actually looked like after you saw it
like you see something crazy like a year
ago and then you try to describe it it's
too hard to describe like you barely
remember it your version of it is a
rehashed version that you keep repeating
to yourself you know if you saw
something like say if you're hiking and
you saw a wolf right if you saw that
wolf when you try to describe that that
moment you saw that wolf years later
look what what are you actually seeing
when you're going into your memory how
much do you sell
we're always lying about how accurate
our memory is it's not that good if you
did see a wolf which is an extraordinary
moment right you're in the fucking
forest all fat off and you see a real
wolf looking down on you a wild
motherfucker in the woods of Canada just
looking at you staring at you on a trail
that's an extraordinary moment but if
you try to recount that in your mind ten
years later what do you actually see how
much do you actually see you see this
blurry weird fucking misty version and
you've got some words that fall into
place that can describe it but how
accurate is your fucking memory it's
terrible how I could is your memory it's
good with statistics okay look I can
tell you about fights I can I can tell
you what years someone fought I can tell
you how this guy won and how he beat you
know this many guys are the triangle and
I remember things but if I actually have
to remember that what it actually looked
like in my head I can't really pull that
up I barely can pull it up but I see it
I'll recognize it again
you know if you show me Joe shilling
knocking out Melvin Manhoef in Bellator
I said watch that ko so many times a
wild crazy slugfest and if I see it I'm
watching it happen in a video I remember
it yep this is how it goes here it goes
boom DK awesome but if I had to just
pull that out of my brain right now it's
not good you know I'm saying like if I
had it like if I have to like close my
eyes and pretend I saw Mike Tyson knock
out Michael Spinks I kinda can see blue
flashes I can kind of remember weird
little parts of it you know I remember
the final right hand boom it just sends
him flying through the ropes it was
chaos
it was just like he's the best ever but
if I had to like play it back in my head
it wouldn't be nearly as good as a video
of it how is the memory in your life how
are the memories of your life do you
remember being three young B five like I
was fucking suffering like my suffering
I was like trying to taking my dad my
dad died when I was three
I'll have to hold memories well I have
two memories that I can look you in the
eye I don't remember what he was wearing
or what shoes he was worrying by
stealing my driving from the Lincoln
Tunnel from New York New Jersey and him
put me on my lap no seat belt and me
hold on to the steering wheel Wow and I
still remember him and my mom having a
discussion and then taking me with him
that's it nothing else Wow you know you
try to go back on your memory and you
start to write a little bit you memory
gets better I don't when your memory
gets better the problem is with my
memory I'm always wondering how much of
this is accurate you know how much what
I mean
how much of it was I really paying
attention during the moment and really
being like to it like if you have a
biased perspective of something that's
happening and then you have a memory of
it how much does your memory of the bias
perspective memory in the biased
perspective shape what you think
happened you could actually kind of
twist the past in your head if you're
not careful and you start thinking about
things that didn't really necessarily
happen the way they like if you got I
get fucked over at work you know I had
to come and my fucking pension and all
this and then you you look at it from
that way wow this guy worked for an evil
company that fucked him over or you go
to the employers and some of the other
people who work with the governor no no
no that guy was a fucking asshole he
made life at work hell nobody wanted him
around he didn't get fucked over
he was so negative nobody wanted to be
with him in the office we had to get rid
of him like you have to look at it from
their point to you don't know so the
actual memory of it for that guy might
be that he got fucked over by this evil
company but the memory of the other
people is a completely different
experience the memory of the other
people is this guy was annoying to work
with oh and they're both you know it's
both I mean who the fuck knows who's
right but my memory is good at some
places and completely bad and others
like right now my memory of
thirty years ago the spot-on I can take
conversations we had we honestly what we
did a year ago like I'll sit here and go
what do i do last fourth of July I have
no fucking idea
well I went home when I went home for
three weeks I I went to dinner with a
friend of mine and then the way back I
had him in tears telling him about the
night his arm got broken you know he
looked nearly cheated me in the face and
he knows Joey I forgot I broke my arm
it's amazing we remember how the fuck do
you remember that go that was one of the
best nights of my life I never laughed
so hard my friend he drove his car at my
friend you know people wanna come and
they drive yes he didn't stop in time I
need to have my friend my friend went
down who's hilarious is is he got up he
went to take a swing at this guy and the
guy put his arm up and when he hit he
broke his own with the punch but all
over the punch and he had a word cast
and we tortured him and my friend kept
threatening to sue him and it was just a
he and he well I was telling him this
his face was red he had to take his
napkin down and he was banging the table
he goes coax I just remembered the
broken fucking arm I know he's my age
because I forgot you know before you
came in Jamie and I were talking about
Achilles tendons and I still remember
the time
ripping and pulling the hamstring like
having to go to the hospital I was 15
and having the fucking doctor do or
something and it was bruised blood was
running from my ass to the top of my leg
it was fucking horrible hmm I just
ripped the hamstring we were talking
about you know like just that you know
and then this this a theory that this
times like you go back to Newark like
you I don't know if there's a fire you
going in to work that fight no I'm not
I'm not working that one but let's
pretend you went back to Newark and you
went to Syria grandpa lived and you saw
a corner store that was still there this
is interesting and you go into that
corner store and maybe you got a bag of
wise potato chips maybe you get a bun
that you went there and God
they say by tasting that bun and it
takes you back it opens up all those
fuckin memories while by eating
something from the area something
something it's like sometimes a song
will tell you something right fucking
songs really yeah for sure that's why
it's important sometimes when you watch
a movie or TV shut to have a soundtrack
because we have a soundtrack we all have
a soundtrack of our lives
a couple years ago i was on the podcast
and we were talking about some on Jovie
new ir I remember give me some chicken
stab and listen it's about Joey stuff
like that you know say like you'll see
you're even saying I fuck Mary Lou Smith
in the ass listen you know it just
brings you back it just brings you back
but they say this you're examples that
bring it back yeah it was me and my best
friends we're by the lake no no banging
some yes most guys most guys will hear a
song
don't be by themselves don't be by that
with your wife and your kids you know
you'll hear never say goodbye to Bon
Jovi and you're thinking tonight that
drunk midget chick sucking your dick -
her - you never told nobody it just
comes back it comes back to haunt you
for a minute you know a shit like that
always go that was the song that
sentence in prison - like whatever I
don't fucking know like when I got
locked up the big album was Appetite for
Destruction the big of the big one I got
locked up the big hours for the regular
people Appetite for Destruction for the
brothers it was don't be cruel by Bobby
Brown that album he made so long when he
split from new edition so every time I
hear don't be cruel the other one every
time I hear especially that fucking mr.
brownstone every time I him mr.
brownstone I want to crash the car
because all the bike is to shoot heroin
for that song you know I'm saying like
it's time for mr. brownstone that's all
they would talk about so every time I
hear those two albums I fucking think
about being locked up and what's on the
rap ever since Guns and Roses went on
tour that's all you hear on the radio
now but the radio for five minutes every
day you in over
rain walking to the jungle because
that's it that's it right every time I
hear those jams I think about that's
stupidity
that's fun welcome to the jungle was
mine but there's a lot of people who
will say to you like oh you know I make
love I used to make love to my
girlfriend listen for that out you know
whatever but there's some people animals
and say you know yeah the truth I used
to get my dick sucked listen when I was
14 yes music more than anything is like
an imprint of the time of the of your
life when you saw it like if you go back
and think about like for me it was
stripes with Bill Murray I think I was I
had to be a teenager what you to stripes
come out what year was that
81 perfect so I was 14 years old
that meant that was I was in ninth grade
I was a freshman in high school so that
when I think about that movie like that
was the the epic movie of our time when
I was a kid was like that was I think
about that time of the year or that at
that time of my life you think about who
you were you know it brings you back to
a weird place like it's it helps it
enhances the memory fucking tremendous
that was a great movie more when he was
such a funny movie think about the line
yes the fat dude why join the service
and the guy goes I want to lose a couple
pounds and he was amazed amazing in this
it's a fucking great movie man it was
just so good at the time you know it
just you had a smile on your face
through the whole movie like even the
moments of the movie that weren't like
hilarious when they're setting things up
you just it was so well done you just
smiled all are you guys looking at this
ass you got the guy from Beverly Hills
Cop you got Zito from Miami Vice
you got fucking Howard Ramos who was a
blessing in my life he legitimize me
when I did his movie the movie was
terrible but he was phenomenal
otherwise that's awesome I don't know
what this brother went on to do but you
know this is fucking great calm but look
at Bill Murray this is no no man this is
the height of Bill Murray now you guys
gotta remember we were just talking
about another great movie a couple
minutes ago didn't these both come up
the same year did they yeah 8180 this is
the shit we were going through this is
why we talk about movies and music it's
not that we're old men fucking being
nostalgic I'm telling you the truth
mm-hmm they were making great movies at
this time there was a few great movies
yeah a few there was a few yeah I mean I
mean quite a few I should say this
planes trains and automobiles that come
out 83 82 84 you know you got it the
comedy lesson is we were getting those
years 87 well let's think of this like
just cinematic look when you're did the
Godfather come out 73 73 702 Exorcist 73
the mechanic 73 it was just too much
mmm just those three movies right there
The Godfather the mechanic and The
Exorcist
yeah and if you look at who was up for
an Academy Award the 73 you'll fucking
die you'll die you go how the fuck can
they pick a winner there it's also
imagine the stark contrast between that
and 53 1953 the movies were kind of
corny you know even if they were good
they were kind of corny you know if you
go any earlier than that like to watch
King Kong ever watch I watched it with
my kids and wife wasn't home and they
were scared they're like I don't want to
watch a scary movie I go we're gonna
won't laugh at a silly scary movie and
they're like really
I go you got trust me this movie was
from so long ago that what they thought
is scaring you're gonna think is silly
and they're looking you serious because
they they go okay but if we get too
scared just shut it off right I'll go
I'll definitely shut it off they were
like I think seven and five at the time
you just fuck you movie it's so fake
looking and the gorilla comes out they
thought it was hilarious
and then because we talked about it
being funny then they were just laughing
hysterically and cracking all these
jokes about what that thing like looked
like that it looked like my youngest
daughter said it looked like someone was
moving poop around but it looked like
just like it was made out of poop
because it's all clay it looks so dumb
but you know back then that was as good
as it got whoa look at the new Godzilla
no Godzilla's got awful people leaving
with a fucking headache are they yeah
look at the old gods oh it's a comedy it
is oh my god you see those poor little
Japanese people look at this though and
yeah we don't think this looks but it
just raised a huge man look at these
guys like yeah buddy you're not in a
plane it's like so fake looking you know
like these guys flying around and look
how bad the gorilla looks it's so crazy
but at the time this was unbelievable
this was amazing
so if you go from this to like
Apocalypse Now the jump in terms of like
how impactful it is and how much they
nailed it like this is it's a fun movie
man don't get me wrong I have a King
Kong poster on my wall in my house I
love the movie I love this movie
I live a movie poster from the night cuz
I'd much rather see the old Godzilla's
godzilla vs. mortola versus the smog
what's the Godzilla just to see what
Japanese people were doing yeah they had
the string on them they would see wide
shot so they would show the Chinese
people running and then they would just
have a single shot moving through the
air yeah they're Japanese Japanese look
how dopey looks like even when it's lit
up that is fucking fun man that's fun
look he's going through the fucking
electric God so let us give a fuck the
shooting um fuck you yes you know they
can't show you a behind shot of the
Japanese shooting Godzilla cuz there's
really no God they just shoot into a
wall it's completely separate this is
like a real clay model if you look at
her he's really not sixty feet it's
maybe fucking eight inches or something
no this is not a model these
suits this is the difference between
King Kong and the oh shit yes these are
men in suits and it's really complicated
and these guys had to be really strong
because they're carrying around this
gigantic rubber suit and it's heavy it's
fucking hot as fuck
so the reason why it moves so fluid what
the Japanese did that was brilliant was
they had men and they put men in these
monster suit looks just a fucking above
his mouth yeah go in now Google the man
who wore the Godzilla suit it's actually
pretty fucking cool it's not easy to do
these guys had to walk around and have
these fight scenes and shit in these big
giant suits that wasn't animation that's
a dude in there this isn't that crazy
and that's that's what it really looked
like in terms of height wise it's like
the size of a person see that guy go
back a bit you see that guy getting out
of it that right there that's what the
dude looked like who's inside of it he
burned them who saw it was like a clay
model man no no some King Kong's a clay
model King Kong was claymation from Ray
Harryhausen that's how I got onto the
subject with them I was telling them
about they loved that Monsters Inc show
and Harry Hewson is one of the
characters or something about Harry
using his in the movie I said huh I go
do you guys know that is and they don't
know I said that is the guy who of
course they didn't know who it is well
fuck my talking line but I said that's
the guy who was one of the original
monster animators for four movies like
King Kong he did all that claymation
stuff and back then I mean that was the
state of the art you gotta think that's
nineteen fuckin thirty something I was
like King Kong was what 33 yeah Godzilla
that was later that was post-world War
two yeah see you got it 5450 fools post
post World War two was Godzilla
Godzilla's after we we shouldn't say we
somebody from the United States drop
bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki when
they used nuclear weapons the idea was
that and all the nuclear tests that they
had done in the water there was no real
understanding of what the fuck was gonna
happen and so the science fiction
version of that would be that all that
radiation would create some super
monster
yeah the man the Japanese no I gotta
give it to him they were dealing with
radiation poisoning and death on
unbelievable an unbelievable scale I
mean hundreds of thousands of people
wiped out instantly from atomic bombs I
mean and so the just a sheer force of
the power of those things you couldn't
even imagine that there could be
anything that could do that just one
thing that falls out of an airplane that
can do that well what else can it do you
know well what happens if it gets in the
water what is it how does this chicken
affect fish how's it gonna affect you
know who know so the the science fiction
version was always awesome like a
Godzilla would come that's what the new
ones about to write anyone is same kind
of thing like a dinosaur got zapped and
now that I believe the new one was all
the other dinosaurs came back and they
had to reawaken Godzilla because he is
the only thing that can fight him oh
he's a super superhero never bring him
back he's a good guy in this one oh no
he's not a good guy at the end of the
last and everyone complained because
there's like this weird Winky scene
where like Godzilla and the main guy
like looked at each other in the eye or
like same team bro you know the real
Godzilla's man the real Godzilla Circe's
are not Cersei that what the folks are
named the dragon mother of dragons
dragon and the Game of Thrones that
fucked up that city at the end like
that's that's what a like a real that's
a real horrific idea of a fire-breathing
lizard but Godzilla was always adorable
didn't really go after people even the
early even the early Superman's the
first like six episodes you could see
the string really check it out that's a
little black and white this is Ben
violet maybe the pilot in the first
three episodes so they figured out how
he could do it you could see his train
it's a weird the Godzilla stories a
weird story right because it sound like
Godzilla goes on a killing spree it just
goes through Tokyo and just starts
lighting every building on fire he
doesn't do that he's like almost like he
is almost like a good guy lizard and in
the new movie it's more accentuated then
so he has to help help us and Walter I
was the fucking
Mothra was a moth Mottram was a moth
yeah and what was the smog monster
caravan there's all tamanna wrote there
Rodin was yes look like I'm trying to
remember like wings and shit right
didn't Rodin have wings you got again
this is craziness shit oh that's right
lope Rodin could fly look at that one
with the blue sky below on three oh
there's a three-headed one yeah but this
is new monsters these are the new ones
the new what the fuck a day with this
new shit give me the blue sky right
there with that yeah right there that's
kind of TV show it was the smog monster
had laser beams coming out of his
fucking eyes like Medusa yes he did yeah
one of them had fucking laser beam did
you really think that oh my god the
three-headed things that was that called
again I forgot about that three-headed
the King Ghidorah Oh
Gaeta remote Rock Road and it was
Ghidorah yeah just pull up a video of
Godzilla versus Ghidorah it was so silly
but man when we were little kids this
shit yeah
lose your mind I used to love dishes the
best when you found out Godzilla's gonna
be on TV or so pumped from the actual
new movies oh there's a new movie with
Peter so it's not that this movie is out
right now it is it Godzilla king of the
monsters
yeah that's why in bronze in this all
three of these are let me see these
bitches whoa
special effects today so god oh my god
dude the special effects they can do
today are insane so we're looking at it
says King gh I do RA H King Ghidorah
oh my god dude the fucking special
effects are insane
there's Mothra Wow is this supposed to
be a good movie though the things with
these movies is and I really hate to say
this how come they can't do both how
come they can't have animate amazing
special of 40 percent on Rotten Tomatoes
how come they can't have amazing special
effects and a fucking killer story no I
can't they do that I was that's one of
the last of the great 2009 is 10 years
ago yeah which one was that avatar
avatar was a great story with great
special effects like it was good at the
end of it people it's Pocahontas in
space get over it okay yeah it is it's
it's a classic story like James Campbell
always talks about this classic
structure of these hero's journeys
there's a lot of that in there it's very
similar to a lot of those stories it's
still great don't let that get in the
way of the fact that it's great that
movie was fucking awesome that movie was
awesome just a special effects in the
way it all went together and yeah that
fucking the bad military guy was
cartoonish yeah of course he was so what
why let that get in the way with your
fun think of it as like when a movie
like that I think of it is like it's
like a lot of the hyper-violent
Tarantino movies like you know what
you're signing up for you know you know
what it is it's not supposed to be some
detailed analysis of the human psyche
you know where the guy takes a strange
slow transformation over the course of
two hours no it's a fucking bad guy this
is the bad guy here's a good guy good
guy can't use his legs wouldn't be
awesome if you could be one of those
blue things papow I literally fucking
fucking movies great I never saw it I
never wanted to see it look they put too
much money into it too much they could
make a movie if I give you a 6 on a
million dollars it's not yeah any idiot
can make a movie if I give you such
other milk Joe EADS James Cameron James
camera is a monster I love James there's
so many amazing we've made some great
movies
I think that's like building an ego it
was like fucking building a team to put
a movie together which I understand but
600 million you know per Husker
nominated but I love when they shunned
him they shunned him know who shunned
him at the Oscars he walked in and he
thought he was bad to the bone he was
sitting there with his little new
girlfriend and his ex-wife directed Hurt
Locker well so they both up for the same
thing oh and he's sitting there looking
at Spielberg like winking and I went got
all the other white people it was
happening and all sudden they go to
announce the winner of the best movie
and they showed up at Barbra Streisand
Oh once you pay her fee you know what
her number is just a walk out of hand
what's the number big big big look
Barbra Streisand look when she does the
theaters like this I think it's a more
expensive than the fucking Laker ticket
when she did the Staples Center cheapest
ticket three bills buy the refrigerator
thousand to sit on the floor Barbra
Streisand they'll fuck around so when
they call her it's cuz she's white
somebody's ass all up even James Cameron
knew what he saw he's put his head down
look at the tape he knew what he was
done and she came out and gave it he
lost that to his wife Hurt Locker though
was that was like a culturally
significant movie at the time of a war
those super well done there was no
bullshit in that movie like that that is
a good fucking movie her lockers one of
those moves at the end of it you go
Jesus speak of a Hurt Locker did you see
what happened in New Jersey yesterday
what happened ice went to New Jersey to
go into some Jewish place and Jews got
together and held hands and 36 of them
got arrested I've always said those
Jersey Jews don't fuck around Doug he's
ghost Jews all of them New York's
Brooklyn they held hands and went up
against ice good for those little young
kids they don't fuck around those juries
I was telling me last night I'll leave
you know they somewhat make braces in
Jersey and they do all across the
country there's just a lot of Jews in
Jersey I just wear neck braces did you
know that why because
then they're under lawsuit Oh like every
time I go to the Meadowlands that'd be a
guy's neck braces are at the Meadowlands
and I asked around what cause on you you
don't know what that is
they're on the they have somebody on the
paper like they have a court case going
oh that's so fun so they got away
fucking neck braces and they calling the
Jewish gold chains
a Jewish gold chain so Rick was you
gonna get a fucking neck brace to get
the backwater of New Jersey like a fuck
didn't the Jewish folks are interesting
in that it's a religion and a race it's
a religion it had a both right kind of
because a lot like Jewish Ari's Jewish
but our he's not religious anymore at
all
no he went over did the whole fuckin but
he's Jewish yeah yeah it's a different
animal there's a lot of Jewish atheist
you're like how how the fuck how can you
do that how does that work they just do
it they identify with that tribe it's a
part of a tribe it's like a tribe right
like a tribe and a religion and a race
sorry three things stop when I was a kid
I know a Jersey Jew it was a turn his
name was cuz his love I'm gonna name it
smart
Wow people gone dumb because they called
him guaranteed 30 like he would get you
thirty thousand for it my people will
cut that thumb and just put on it okay
Jersey but early Jesus and then you take
an advance from you get hurt and you're
taking advance simcoe's let me get 10
G's when we were in Brooklyn last time
when we're going to UM Peter Lugar's and
so we drove through these Hasidic
neighborhoods and these you know we're
the ones like re there's Orthodox Jews
there's a big community of Orthodox
against but in in New York and Brooklyn
particularly and Ari was explaining out
they don't leave this community this is
where they they stay these are all their
people they don't give a fuck about
what's happening in the outside world
wow I just you just see this interesting
subculture that it's one of the more
cool things about New York cuz you get
to be in that comment that sounded like
a genuine even though they're isolated
they have their own neighborhood it's a
genuine melting pot in that regard
you can go to a Chinatown like a real
Chinatown you go to Chinatown New York
City that's a different animal man I
mean you might as well be in some part
of Asia amazing this restaurant
what's the name of it whoa hop where's
that it's in Mott Street it's open 24 oh
yeah you gotta make a that's real
24-hour just in New York just put the
fucking menu up from whoa hop when I was
near shooting that movie the one that I
was starving I got stormed and that one
there ya go I can't do it
I called wall hop and what time you
opened okay go we'll open I hung up the
phone I went on who but it was a $10 cab
ride and I go I'm gonna go to Wawa but I
chickened out Jerome I don't want it
that goes to war - doing the one you're
gonna find it back mall that sodium will
fucking kill me when the lobby up don't
fucking I'll be up for two days we often
went to Chinatown after playing pool
because it was like the best thing that
was you know back myung early stand-up
days when I didn't have obligations we'd
stay up playing pool till 2:00 3:00 in
the morning and go and you have a real
meal like a really good meal
yeah its meal at night with egg rolls
and steak on a stick
fuck yeah and I'm just a pork fried rice
alone will set you off once there even
diet coke back then when did Diet Coke
get invented now there's always been we
always have yeah we always had three
kids my mother refresh content
I drank tap my mother had tab people got
super sad one tab one away remember like
people be all bummed out I love tab but
a girls drink dad that was a grocery
yeah tab fresca fresca was more of a
girls drink but tab was a girls drink
because a paint can wasn't didn't tab of
like a pink yes yes that's 1982
that's when tab went away now diet coke
oh wow I thought it was older than that
hmm me too yeah I still remember in 85
when they changed the recipe that was 85
motherfuckers went nuts they went crazy
and they really they went crazy new coke
like what your on coke
why would you fuck with the taste of the
best soda of all time coca-cola is the
best tasting soda of all
this is other stuff that's really good
like root beer is really good it's
interesting but there's a reason why
that shit sold a billion fucking
trillion gallons over the past
so tap had saccharin in it and led the
bladder cancer in rats people found that
out and then that popularity declined
exactly when Diet Coke came out 1982 oh
they got set up put on your pink oh your
yeah your pink tinfoil
um let me see a picture of it with the
tab can look like was it pink I'm trying
to remember see again memories okay
like I was talking about I know that
that registers with me okay I know that
that makes sense yeah that's what tab
looks like that makes sense but that
looks like it wasn't going to call a
company also yeah I think coca-cola
discontinued tab put more fucking cancer
in it sold this diet coke what I was
gonna say is I can't I could never draw
that like if you asked me to draw what a
tab can looks like okay look I wouldn't
be able to I was in that realm or that
read but I don't wasn't coca-cola right
that's what I'm talking about with
memory you know memories is a weird
thing it's very weird because my memory
with numbers is pretty good I remember a
lot of important dates and times and
things and statistics I can remember a
lot of statistics and I remember a lot
of fights I could go pretty pretty much
tell you what the outcome was
how much do I remember of seeing it
how much can I pull up and watch again
how accurate is that oh no like I was
more of a sporting guy when I was
growing up and yesterday I was on a
plane and they had DirecTV on there and
they were showing the best time I was
looking at the iPad anyway I was
watching something on the iPad but that
screen was on they was showing the best
10 football plays and they showed Joe
Montana Florida Dwight Clark in 81 and
run away my memories that wait a second
I won eight hundred on that game does it
had the over I had San Francisco getting
a point there fucking Dallas went into
San Francisco given a point in those
days she's not on my clock see how in
snowy Joey was throwing Heat
that's what snowy Joey was up this coke
throwing fucking touchdowns up there Joe
Montana like I have all like ice Jesus
Christ
oh no no there was a catch that some
giant made with one hand I don't know
what the fuck oh my god they showed the
best 10 catches I was sitting and I was
looking at them but then I saw this one
catch I don't know what the guy thinks
the kid they traded he just reaches up
and the defendant he fucking pulls of it
oh my I don't know if it's Odell Beckham
I don't was all go back it's like his
specialty is doing those catches did you
see Francis in Ghana knockout Junior dos
Santos yeah I didn't think it was a real
knockout
he just blushed them look up he hit him
and he went down and held his head
let him fight it out listen that fight
was over yeah listen to me I was over it
doesn't matter the scary thing is he
just clipped and clipped him he clipped
him rocked him put him down pounded on
his head and junior just couldn't he
move he just laid there and take it and
they stopped it quick there was a
hundred percent legitimate hundred
percent legit so it's between you and I
that this would go a little long I
thought that he was a seasoned veteran I
thought that he would go at least take
him into the third round and try to no
you know nullify his power by the third
round you can't keep throwing those
fucking hey make this I thought he was
gonna wrestle him it was not what I
anticipated it was not the game plan I
thought I got off stage and it was
starting is I got a is that walked into
the green fuck didn't they were going
and I was so fucking happy I'm like let
me watch this I go I think June he has a
shot as I thought that he was already
having a floor holding his fucking boy
jr. had a good start where he was
kicking the leg especially the the lower
part of the leg you could really write
someone up with yeah yeah he knocked him
off balance and that can really fuck you
up man like really mess up your movement
and if that was the case if we was able
to mess up his move and get him to miss
a little bit you know may get him so
that he was having a hard time moving
correctly and keep chewing on that leg
then maybe there would be openings for
him to to jump in with some punches the
problem is when they're both on the
outside Francis is bigger and the
contact
are way more grave and Frances Clips you
it's 99 I don't care who you are he's so
confident in it too
he moves forward and he's gonna throw
everything full-speed the first round
with him is extremely dangerous because
he's just trying to take you the fuck
out it takes a guy like steep a steep a
Miocic saw what he was doing and what he
did was just ride with it just moved
away from him kept his hands up when
Francis was coming after me used good
defense and he kept moving and kept pick
picking away at him picking away out
picking away and I'm taking his shots
when they were there and then started
wearing Francis down taking him down
beating him up and then just dominated
I'm clear-cut unanimous decision for
five rounds it takes a guy like that a
guy like Steve a that has the mental
fortitude to stick to a gameplan not
panic in the firefight because that's
what happens with in Ghana you like
Jesus Christ I'm gonna see lights any
second now I'm gonna see a big flash and
I'm gonna be out cold any second now
it's coming and you see the reaction
they have to them it's they fight
different they fight different with him
than they do with anybody else because
the consequences are so grave you watch
the way he knocked out Alistair Overeem
the consequences are so grave so
everyone's scared no matter it's normal
everyone's scared to fight you know
there's at least there's gonna be some
anxiety or fear or you're gonna your
heart rates gonna get checked your dren
tones gonna be pumping but it's even
more so if the consequences are more
grave right look if you're gonna fucking
take a skateboard down a small hill
you're not freaking out right but if you
take it a skateboard down like 4 Mile
Canyon what does that for my on Boulder
what is that one of those crazy roads
that goes sunshine Canyon right if
you're taking a skateboard down that
going 50 miles an hour you're gonna shit
your fucking pants you're gonna try to
land this thing right try to figure out
how not to die here because the
consequences are so much graver you're
going to be more jacked and that's what
happens to these guys and they fight
Francis the consequences are so grave
they make mistakes and then with jr. he
reached for a overhand right he just
really really extended himself you can't
do that with Francis he's good the scary
thing is this true with Crow classes
ever
has a game plan and they get punched in
the face that's my advice in my times
Isis yeah I think it was it some guile
that you know you once you get that
first point to fight I only saw two
fights the funniest one was the first
one he gets the kid from Dallas props to
him he went up against like a lieutenant
the KKK the guy drew blue on his face at
the weigh-in and they almost got into a
little scuffle in the way and then he
had no fucking love in his face he
didn't smile one time he was definitely
a member of the KKK and this little
black dude from Dallas came in and he
did a spinning back kick in that dude he
was all over him no he talking first
fight on the Conn the main card which
fun defeated from he's nothing unless
displeasure serious yeah I didn't see
that first fight on the card he's ain't
no now how did our strong really good he
still has to he's gonna grow a little
bit he's ever get knocked out once
before he really makes that big jump but
once he gets it the guy kept doing
spinning back kicks on him I mean the
second one he was right this bang this
guy just hates black people who the guns
right no that's Paul Craig yeah yeah no
they're Paul Craig is great no he's
probably great it's a fucking joke drum
roll but did you see what Emil first he
went in with a tough face you know like
fucking the guy from he went in there
like fucking war Braveheart he's a tough
guy Paul Craig is good wait till you see
the fucking fight I'll see it no he was
great he just sweet
he got waited for the second one and
when the foot land that he was right
behind them not be no more time click
poof I turned around they hit him with a
fucking drop and right hand you could
see his feet just going you know when
you come yeah are you feeling just
playing the same thing it was like he
came he just what Jamie's got it oh gee
yeah it was ba what that's the first one
so he so right away he timed it but that
the back lap I love being up ba ba
that's it little man look at us the last
one yeah while the guy was a tremendous
and look at a free whistling boom bo bey
goes boom boom there you go he's
probably right now reading fucking
Malcolm X's -
sigh ocean yeah that was ferocious I had
people wonder why people want to spin
that much you know those like that I
hate all that shit spending punches why
are you giving you back to a killer I
never understood it well that's not what
I'm saying I'm saying if you're not that
good at it he doesn't have like a really
fast you can imagine Barbosa okay Edson
Barboza wheel kicks people and puts them
on Pluto he spinning back kicks you to
the body
you mean he's his kicks his spinning
kicks are fucking insane
but these guys are not that good like
what I'm saying is like Paul Craig
that's not a specialty he's more of a
grappler but I mean he can strike
obviously he's a good striker but I
wouldn't think that he would want to
throw spin kicks this he's not like a
Taekwondo guy at home if you don't do
Taekwondo for ten years why you spinning
kicking Lee you're seeing it's an
athletic yeah guy you know all those
that I hate when they even that reverse
punch I think I keep is doing and doing
them like you know what choke him bust
him in the fuckin ear see when you're
talking about like Edison Barboza though
lands it on Dan hangman kept fucking
kicking his body those spinning back
kick is just fucking in so you gotta
commit to that to really make it about
commitment
well I'm max Holloway spinning a little
fucking cat and then they got the guitar
played did it yeah what's his name mayor
mayor did so did max Holloway invented
it I don't know how I just saw it on it
see the first person I saw yeah like
that's amazing
that's amazing max Holloway is the but
he's such a fuckin cool guy I love that
guy
wim places show he's a champion he'll
come back like who the fuck comes is
better than him yeah the way he draws to
Dustin Poirier excuses all love all
happiness he's amazing Jason Statham
what's he doing what's going on
no let me see he's a real karate guy
Jason Statham has real striking skills
like what looked like he could tell even
the way he's standing here like the way
he's moving no no he's gonna spend it
but you see even the way he's doing it
like this guy's got real skill look at
that Kapow
he um he achieved a very high level of
skill in karate I don't know exactly
what it was but from people that I know
that I've done martial arts with him and
train with him I said that guy's a bad
motherfucker like a legit badass really
knows martial arts I believe it
right you see him like I believe it
seaman like snatch one of those movies I
can fuck people up they did a mechanic
yeah fucking face you really should just
say to them hey let's not do that let's
just write a movie that's similar and in
homage to it I know they'd even doing
Omar's that's what really pissed I was
no respect and any level for Charles
Bronson not even a fucking else many why
why do you say that would mean if you
watch the mechanic and study the
mechanic it just wasn't as a white guy
shooting people
he was very calculating there was no
very calculated where everything was
made to look like it was an accident a
very much accent one of the best
beginning setting the only movie that
starts better than the mechanic is scarf
like that no it's something that has a
better opening I forget there's no
fucking dialog for 11 minutes for yes
it's him setting up a guy to make it
look like the fucking heater blew up
like those type of guys the guy had a
friend that he used to say is but the
best way to kill somebody is breaking
the house take the fucking pipe the gas
thing out of the stove point it down and
light a camera on the refrigerator and
then leave whoa give it 15 20 minutes
and it's late night Irene
what is this Jamie this is the beginning
of the whole movie actually this is the
beginning of the mechanic this is the
beginning of the original the original
yeah okay when you know Jam Michael
Vincent's father in the movie Charles
Bronson kills he gets a contract to kill
him that's how Jan Michael drifts to him
when he killed him it'll look like he
had a heart attack he won in his medical
file and he saw he had a weak heart and
he went to meet him and then he shot at
the road and he goes run run so was the
guy who's running he had a hard time hmm
Jason Statham and whoever the fuck made
the movie make it look like he was just
shoot him up Charlie hmm now you say to
me Joey what do you think so much
offense because it's you know it's the
fucking mechanic yeah it was that good
of a goddamn movie you know they redid
death wish no no no you know you can't
redo Death Wish one of the most
disturbing movies you'll ever see Bruce
Willis yeah he should be shot not on the
shot again
okay I mean he did fucking listen you
know what death wish has that nobody
remembers what when I saw when I was 10
this is why I don't play that shit has
one of the most disturbing rape scenes
you'll ever see and Jeff Goldblum's in
it
remember they knocked his daughter I
raped her spray paint on her ass
I left that movie being 11 like film
from my mom now
yeah like I left it and I became tighter
with my mom at the bar I tried to get a
stick of the knife like that could
happen to women like that happens to
women like guys just rip their pants off
I don't know I didn't know what that
shit was till I watched them uh whatever
the fuck of this death wish it's a
different world for women yeah I
couldn't even believe it when I watched
that didn't they never talk about how
disturbing that scene is that's the
thing that most men never have to think
about unless you're in jail
most men most men don't have to think
about that ego style women have to think
no what happened right he goes to
Arizona
they said I'm tired zona to build the
building maybe becomes the redneck and
the red there's like man I can't happen
to you because I put a little something
in your bag for you to take back up to
those big city folks with Charles
Bronson got back to his eyes was a
fucking white cannon from Texas
Walker Z he was an architect he gave him
a fucking cannon
so trust Bronson so let me go and have
some fun and see what happens first
night first night some guys I got old
time but give me twenty bucks you could
see the panic in his face he was an old
man yeah and stole it
he stole he didn't take it out and say
fuck you no he was panicked when he shot
the guy in the subway scene you could
see he's scared you ever wear that
fucking look look oh this is great
that's right
right here look he's an old man Doug 53
years old fucking killing it in America
giving men like you and me hope he was
giving all the men hope this fucking guy
right yeah I think he was at least 50
years old when he was watch yeah look
how scared he is
byah while i pinga rather you Bob look
at him he's just get better Sudan
shooting these yeah this is a brilliant
film they'll never do that again because
they won't take these little fucking
details he was petrified that's a great
scene in hard times I think he was 50
years old by then remember when he
played that boxer mechanic he was 51 I
think hard time yeah bro he was I think
he was 51 our there's no trt back then
son that dude was doing that was just a
taking eggs and he was going to Formosa
I forgot what what if I'm also that's
for most of Caffe that a little broad
down there that's where he would go
right to either some shit he lived down
there I don't know what to do where does
he live well when he came to LA that's
where he took the name Bronson from was
that Street up in Hollywood really well
said well is his real name he's a Polack
radensky something just that they told
him what you can ski yeah chance yeah
you can't have that name so he looked
around Hollywood perfect
I said Bronson you fucking believe that
when you hear that she's like we'll
always you were walking down the street
and this it's like when you had Jamie
Foxx on it yeah he made his name Jamie
Foxx because people would think he was a
hot chick
that is the most thing I've heard in my
lot Jamie Foxx was a bad mother
brilliant man brilliant man brilliant
that is the fact that he figured that
out yeah like a chick you should pick
your name on the lineup they see that
Jamie Foxx you get a chance to get out
there so smart you're you're right you
know like if a guy sees that Fox
whatever Jamie with an especially with
him I yeah he's supposed to Jay I am I
yeah doesn't he always basically regular
Jamie that makes you think it's a broad
right off the fucking bat this is Jamie
JY mie OH - its girl yeah usually the I
before the M as a girl spelling it's all
out of those weird words like Shaun but
there's a lot of hot Shaun's that are
girls right what else what are the ones
its Garrett they used to be like Stacy
like these didn't name dude Stacy like
Stacy Keach they said you know there's a
lot of dudes like in their sixties eason
name guys Stacy there's something
there's a name that a friend of my dad
that was a guy I can't remember it now
wasn't there one of the weird guys in
airplane Leslie Leslie Leslie these two
name guys Leslie how we're that's a
weird one
what's his name Leslie the hilarious
dude Leslie wasn't hilarious the guy was
hilarious
wasn't he and Creepshow - was he one of
the people in Creepshow that got killed
I feel like he was one of those people
that got buried on the beach or some
shit like that yeah yeah husband yeah he
he did something to some some rich guy
yeah buried him up to his head I forget
those fucking scary horror movies like
Creepshow fun hair horror movies they
don't make enough of those anymore
either those are my favorite movie with
a cigar anything else scream wasn't bad
right I wasn't mad at all and what year
was that
87 yeah 86 money sounds fun ass moving I
think the Latin that's the last one I
watched but the last movie to scare the
living fuck out of me was the first
night man on street with the tongue
coming out of the Father but before that
you know the people are you know you
don't watch Walking Dead you know why
again I'm loyal to fucking when I was a
kid
those Dawn of the Dead movies what was
the guy that wrote those George Romero
George Romero I'm loyal to him my
loyalties with him I took acid and went
to George Romero that one doorman is
dead when the helicopter chops a black
guy's head off who when he doesn't even
know the helicopter lands and he's a
zombie yeah and I think it chops his
head off I'd remember tripping on a side
almost had a fucking heart attack
Walking Dead was awesome for the first
few episodes they just lost they just
can't keep something like that up
forever
it just becomes too it's too hard to
keep story going
it's just sorry got too weird but the
best horror movie a zombie horror movie
of all time is 28 days later that's the
best one that's that British movie so it
we didn't get into like way after it
came out in this in the theatre over
there most people have seen it they'd
seen it they'd seen it on cable or DVD
right dude was what was 28 days later
even in the theaters out here was it
said Jeff the debt the one after that
was a big deal but it was a British
movie right oh god damn that movie's
good I remember I bought a version of it
on VHS on the number European VHS was a
different format he was like a DI of a
different player or you had to have a
player that was a universal player that
could play both I had one of those just
so I could get some cool documentaries
and shit that you would get from Europe
just as a reminder I want to give props
to American allies for returning my
luggage Oh after the whole weekend and
they missed that fucking half ounce of
weed in my boxing glove so you're the
delivery driver you were dumb fuck that
was it they lost my Muay Thai bag DJ I
was going to Columbus to go to a short
when we die and I brought me out you
know my little fucking shin pads and my
gloves and some hand wraps you've been
doing that a lot lately huh
more done of it it's great right I go
twice a week well I've had 56 the
targets that they can I take the class
where everybody else I do everything
else I'd die then I go to one boxing
just Tuesday and Wednesday there's
Tuesday and Thursdays boxing then when
you do the class did they have safar I'm
good these things I like no head gear
that's right you just have
working in a combination shit like that
saturday sundays are going there's an
open matt if i'm home i going there's a
a chick that's like a nice cop a nice
cop oh no you know she's a tough chick
yeah yeah she trains for Brett and the
whole thing so I go down and just let
her beat me up to death let me ask you
this as someone who was born in another
country how do you think that they
should handle the immigrations that are
here cuz this is the big question a lot
of people know people that are I mean
I'm probably a lot of people listening
know someone who they love that's
illegal
whether they're illegal from Canada or
they're illegal from Europe or they're
illegal from Mexico where the fuck
there's a lot of people that get over
here and stay over here that aren't
supposed to be some of them turn out
turn out to be amazing people so how do
you decide how do you decide who gets to
say and there's someone coming over here
trying to make their life a better a
better thing but just doing it illegally
does that automatically discount them
from staying here that seem just crazy
what if they're great because a lot of
people come over here because they were
super unfortunate and where they were
born and they dude they grew up in a
shitty place and they wanted to make it
better but they didn't know how to do it
so they came over to America by hook or
by crook they figured out how to get
here they got here and now they're
kicking ass why why would you want to
get rid of them as long as they're not
criminals not hurt anybody
why would you want to get rid of them Oh
for starters let's do this that's what's
going on right now just points the
finger at a certain realm of you're
pointing the finger is south of the
border
yeah it's Canadians a lot of Canadians
which and I'm not saying nothing bad
about anybody this is the United States
of America right convey the fuckin have
a dream yeah and whatever happens bro
sometimes the dream goes to put you know
when I went to New York I spent three
weeks in New York and I Hubert and I did
a little thing in my mind you know I
took twenty obras in fact I became Oba
planning because I was doing you know
all these rides not one white person
pick me up not one time voila and guess
what I asked questions I asked everybody
questions and the most inspiring person
I met
one night I worked oh I wrapped that
6:30 in the morning there was no way I
was getting the van to go home but I
just called hooba
I wasn't Ridgewood Brooklyn and this
Indian girl picked me up very cute you
know 6:00 in the fucking morning it's
still kind of dark out
you know 5:30 whatever it was and this
little girl that weighed 90 pounds back
me up
time to car hello we have charged her in
the back if you want to charge your car
in his little caramels in the front hmm
you know and I said were you firm when
she told me India and I go how long have
you been a year and a half spoke perfect
English Wow I go why do you why did you
become a little bit dry but she doesn't
became over driver because I was a
waitress at an Indian restaurant and the
guy abused me and he would only pay me 8
bucks an hour and take half my tips so
me and my cousins got together we put
away money and we rent the car we leased
a car my she drives in the daytime and I
Drive it at night Wow and I drag or why
do you aren't you scared to go on it man
she's like no she's like I love it
because there's no traffic in it hmm I
go what do you walk with I just asked
her Bryan creepy questions not say yeah
and it was I want I'll I gave her an
extra tip like let me ask you this can
you be illegal and do that I don't know
what the status was with her I didn't
ask her I didn't any what do you think
do you think that you could do that do
you think like if you came from another
country came from Guatemala illegally
you work him over here though and became
a uber driver could you do that me no
could anybody do that or do they check
your citizenship what do you think Jamie
there's yes they can do that so someone
definitely can come over here and start
working for uber or another or similar
I'm not doing that necessarily like
through the proper ways they you can
make if you have a legal friend you can
use their license to be there like the
uber thing and they don't know who's
behind the car so it's all the time I'm
ordering food you know you definitely
have to have a valid driver's license
right yeah so when you get a valid
driver's license if you're illegal well
that's the part like I so I'm saying so
like
no but that doesn't stop someone from
getting behind a car if you don't have a
license it's any day thanks wonder where
I'm going well just someone get in
trouble right now are we on the shit
list because we agreed in somebody else
to give illegals licenses yeah that's
why I was asking there was a thought
that popped a memory popped in my head
about some story like that but they were
gonna give illegal aliens the right to
drive I'm sort of saying like it does
happen but not above the board basically
because yeah but are you sure could you
see if they're trying to give illegal
aliens driver's licenses because I
remember a story like this too as well
people are super upset about it it's a
weird thing managed 13 states that allow
it there you go baby
where do you have to move with one of
those states in DC California is the
first one
as of 2013 Colorado Connecticut Delaware
everywhere this week Hawaii Illinois
Maryland Nevada New Mexico New Yor
interest everywhere there's weed Hawaii
doesn't necessarily have we know Vermont
I think a white medical business
standpoint they work for cheaper and
work harder than well you know I mean
there's so many benefits to as a
business owner and differently when was
last time you saw a white labor you see
them you go in the kitchen and at any
restaurant it's all you know I mean and
so now you value you're questioning what
what rights you have as an American you
come here you get a job you're working
hard you stay out of trouble
yeah out of trouble yeah I mind your
business you know I mean I grew up you
and I grew up in the East Coast away you
go to a Chinese restaurant and you'd see
them but those the husband and wife
working and the kids would be doing
homework at the back table and that he
came in the daytime it was a different
couple which is telling me that two
couples got together they buy a home and
they open a business together they work
together that's what those immigrant
groups do mm-hmm
and then from there they bring a cousin
and they open the open and next thing I
know they got three houses on the
and now he just had a fucking immigrant
family move into your neighborhood not
necessarily good or bad you know I'm
saying that then nice we all had them in
our neighborhoods
sure I remember 70 years ago this was
your grandparents yeah so you have to
think about your grandma but how would
you want them treated I'm sure your
grandfather got a job laying brick way
before he got his immigration papers I
don't know they did it right I think
they got it pretty right you get through
Ellis Island and they push through I
mean at the illegal situation it was a
different world back then you could
immigrate pretty easily like my
grandparents did weren't rocket
scientists when they came over here and
uh you know there were kids their
parents weren't geniuses do you know
what's going on farmers do you know
what's going on in South America right
now Nicaragua Honduras all those places
pure hell pure hell
you know I can't be mad at you from one
- get the fuck out of there but this
other places on earth right now will
this pure fucking hell go or not yeah
there's place women come over - let's
point everybody out let's lock all the
fucking boarders don't make it seem like
it's just Mexico that's the fucking
problem you know we're getting bombarded
from everywhere we'll get new people in
here every day from everywhere I ain't
mad at it they're coming here to make
better lives but don't just keep
pointing the fucking water that you know
who else is coming for that Mexican
border that nobody's talked about Jamie
when you get a minute if you'd love to
check it just to verify me you know how
many Cubans are getting sent back to
Hugh bond a daily basis from Mexico
really getting back the girl shot but
Cubans that when they come to Miami know
why they're not coming through they
closed all that type of shit why so
right now you can't come through Miami
it's easier to come go from Cuba to
Mexico and just join the walk whoa and
walk up but once sightings are in
America we give them asylum right if the
tag but does that still go on I think
Obama removed it did he really
yes Trump made it so we can't go over
there there you go
applicants woven's pack Mexican shelters
hope people are going through West
that's crazy so I think the number a
couple weeks ago I think 900 Cubans are
getting sent back weekly to get shot did
you think more people more people are
make it towards the border what since
Trump was like build that wall build
that wall do you think more people are
headed towards the border now because
it's just like it's a popular thing to
do it's a part of our culture like a
part of the conversation is the border
wall right like do you want a border
wall or do you not want to build that
wall make it a fucking million feet high
bring it right to that top of the earth
or are you one of those people that
thinks anybody should be able to come
over here and have a better life you
know and there's those two ideas are
fucking clashing left and right some
people think that people should be able
to try to do better try to better
themselves they should have the
opportunity and then some people think
fuck them you were born somewhere else
you don't ever get a chance to come over
here go go in through proper channels
which is almost impossible do something
that's very valuable to us over here see
that's the thing like if you're a person
who has some extraordinary skill you
know you could probably get American
citizenship easier you're unusual if
you're contributing to the physics
department at Harvard or something like
that and you're you know you were born
in Germany or wherever you probably
could get citizenship a little bit
quicker and you're just a guy who like
lives in Guatemala
wants to come to America because he
thinks he can advance his life he think
he can get better words where he lives
there's no that you can't go anywhere
you're stuck the the the poverty is
extreme the crimes extreme and he wants
none of that he wants to do better so he
makes it over here like listen when you
talk about immigration you're gonna get
good and bad from every store you know
Castro with 79 opened up this prisons in
the Mario and you got a hundred thousand
Cubans and a hundred thousand fucking
spoiled rotten savages from Cuban
prisons when they were no clothes and
this they have to shit in a hole in the
middle of the floor they're savages
they're animals they got no problem
taking your life from a piece of toilet
paper but the same runs true from other
countries yeah we get the good and the
bad from other country you know let's
not beat around the bush before Russians
come here they got a course they go to a
school and take the 12-year week course
how to come here and get money right off
the bat how'd it go to Social Security
check that out Jamie that's a very weird
one they get taught how to come here and
scam the system whether you want to call
scammed I'm not putting nobody down I
have a tons of Russian friends I love
them I'm not saying them bad but I've
heard that's a fact I've heard them from
them I have a friend who's married and
she told me one day that before they
come here they take a course to prep
them on how to get money as soon as they
land three days after they get them they
land they get cashing and Dola paperwork
what to say they coach you that's
hilarious
it's like a service that they offer yeah
some so you have to class work but but
if you ask yeah that's how many
Armenians come over come over get
citizenship guess what they do they get
Social Security and they move back to
our meeting they get the check sent back
to Armenia they have a system on how to
do that they got a thousand loopholes
now brother and if you learn those
loopholes you became the fucking system
there's nothing wrong with having a
group of people that all agree on
certain rules right which is what the
United States should be but the problem
with having a group of people is you
don't get to pick like who's in that
group so you're just deciding instead of
being admitted by your merit how good a
neighbor you are or how nice of a person
you are
they just whether or not you're born on
the dirt like born on this dirt of that
dirt because if you're born on that dirt
you can't stay but if you're born on
this dirt even if you're a shit human
being you get to hang out you get to
ruin other people's lives while you're
here as long as you don't do enough that
we need to put you in a cage and then if
we do we keep you for a couple years let
you out you do more I mean this is we
have no problem with that I don't know
what what the percentage is what the
percentage of good people versus bad
people that come into the border the
thing is every time it is a bad one that
comes across the border it's highlighted
as an example of why we got to keep the
border closed and they have a point they
all have a point absolute
when you see someone who is talking
about illegal gang members they're
sneaking across the border and murdering
people it absolutely has happened it's a
hundred percent of a real thing that's
not not fiction the question is how much
does it happen and how much better is it
for those people's lives that make it
across is there a way to screen better
to make sure that the bad people don't
come in and all these questions are
legitimate you know you don't want a
bunch of fucking evil vicious people
from another country in your
neighborhood that's how everybody feels
you don't want your children your family
to be in danger because someone snuck
across the border and they have a long
history of working for the cartel
murdering people that's a real thing
that's a real possibility so all the
people that are vigilant all the people
that are scared you know they're
probably smart to be scared look at
fucking human history people are capable
of doing some awful shit no one saying
I'm not I don't think there should be no
no wall at all nothing stopping people
from coming across you definitely don't
want pieces of shit coming over here
promise how you find out did you ever
notice that maybe were full yeah we're
probably maybe we'll full did you notice
that when you go on there's homeless
people I'm in Torah fucking Boulevard
I'm Lancashire Boulevard under bridges
everywhere has I never come to your mind
that anyway you go there's cars
everywhere and the between uber and lyft
and cabs now there's traffic in every
major fucking city this good luck or
whatever did you notice that maybe it's
not that I hate Cubans or Mexicans or
Puerto Ricans or blacks or Germans Irish
maybe that will fucking full have you
ever come to that conclusion
yeah we're just full right now yeah we
have to take five years off like I would
accept that I would accept that I would
accept a special circumstances like why
you have family here but at this point
right now I will fuck them full yeah
yeah we'll fall we don't have nowhere
else to put any more that we really
don't looking no steadies unless we pack
them all to Iowa and send them all you
know send them all into my where's the
highest population of Mexicans in the
country I would probably say Southern
California right wrong really Indiana
Chicago yeah hi they form a ton of shit
in Chicago ah that makes Illinois you
know where's the highest population of
Puerto Ricans the Bronx you're wrong
Cleveland clean doesn't the 50s they
shipped today all the dealers were worth
taking Puerto Ricans is putting them to
the Cleveland Ohio area to work in the
fucking Ford plants and all the plants
and that's all those places sat down all
those people sitting there holding on to
that dick when you go to certain parts
of Ohio there's a suburb outside of
Cleveland twelve fucking Puerto Rican
Wow you know interested but it's I don't
think of it as we hate Russians or
Geralyn Johnny that I look at it from a
different perspective at times and maybe
we'll fall you know this for me to send
my daughter to day camp costs three
bills a week I'm not complaining that's
a great day kids a science camp they
make potions then learn about light
bulbs and electricity my point is I did
the same thing for free when I was a kid
all I do is walk to my Park
there's no funds left hmm there's
nothing left for these kids you know I
don't know if you were I walk into a
Dodger game or an event I go I always
think of the family of four in America
today that both parents have to work
yeah and everybody has to work if you go
by my office for the podcast in the
middle is it a 24-hour day care and
weigh tons I'll leave my office at
midnight I see parents picking up their
kids you know carrying them on over
their shoulders into that car you know
it's cost a lot to control all of the
American family yeah there's not a lot
of jobs well you think you see
everybody's driving over if you take all
this Uber's is interesting I'm thinking
of doing a documentary I'm just yelling
overs and talking to these people ask
them why they're over it yesterday I had
an engineer engineer lost his job 58
years old got a work Asian fellow very
nice
I tipped them extra you offered me to
plug the phone I mean you know you know
you have to look at that and go wow
there's a lot of people in this country
without work there's a lot of fucking
homeless people
money to take care of what we got here
it's true like there's la as an epidemic
homeless people right now where there's
so many tents on the street and at the
fuck endemic but they're everywhere I
mean fucking Lancashire yeah you're not
doing there in Sherman Oaks
yeah the streets are hiding on the
underpass underpasses are stuffed with
them now so you know I mean we have to
fail what are you gonna do it you can't
walk through those under water do you
know what the answer is you know what
they usually do with them well they give
them 100 bucks make them a bus pass to
Vegas and now Vegas is stuck with that
we talked about that on the pockets a
lot every city's done I recently keep
story just came like shit it's time to
get fucking some apart and put a tent
city and make him be resourceful
okay 110,000 empty rental units in Los
Angeles fill in those spaces won't solve
the housing or the homeless crisis yeah
but the problem is if these fucking
things are for rent and you have these
homeless people that are drug addicts
and probably mentally insane and you let
them stay in those rental apartment
they're gonna destroy your rental place
well let's be honest there's 110,000
whoa whoa whoa whoa it all depends on
what kind of homeless person you're
talking right you talking about person
who's down on his luck are you talking
about mental illness mental illness drug
addiction yeah that stuff violently well
I see 60 when I see a hundred when I see
10,000 homeless people in LA I got to
assume 4,000 of them are people were
down there look a minute
they got four flat tires and it just
kept you know this times people don't do
shit for periods of time it could be
here yeah it could be it's like these
fucking hikers every fucking three days
a hiker gets lost okay
yes like this gets lost and they stroll
off when they get saved they're all
happy to see em I like witness news I'm
happy wait till they get the bill they
get hit with a bill oh yeah every time
but most windows helicopters claws so
they volunteer if every fucking hiker
got paid for for a fucking taxpayer we'd
be broke so like in Colorado so if
you're one else hiker
it goes and snaps her ankle and you're
on a ridge somewhere they come and get
you I caught somebody money you gotta
pay somebody there's no fucking tax
funds does that cost whoa that's a lot
of me you gonna hit listen if you'd like
lady who got stuck in Hawaii for a week
where the fuck she was a month ago those
helicopters cost something just stuck in
Hawaii Oh a lady the lay of the teacher
that girl yeah you know they found her
right yeah they found I assume I'm just
saying this story just because what
happens to something like that happens
see and you get hit you ever get
involved in a lawsuit okay no lawsuit
I rear-end John Rogan Joe Rogan's neck
and the god forbid his neck and his back
to hurt he can't do God's right you file
a claim against me mmm why you're going
to the doctor right all those months
what is the doctor usually rate there
yet
everything's payable at 30 days that
dirty is it mm-hmm
when you start getting those 11 hundred
dollar bills from when they look in your
knee and in your neck when you get 10 of
those how you gonna pay them cuz you
can't paint you get the settlement from
the fucking attorney mmm a lot of times
people go broke by the time they get the
money the shippers sale takes seven
years to get that money you've been
going to the doctor for three is really
big insurance covers all this money
insurance well tell everybody the neck
collars just theirs it's more
complicated what's that
tell everybody with the neck collars oh
yeah he's more complicated yeah so all
those bills add up you get hit with a
bunch of bills Joe you're homeless
yep you're homeless you're telling your
wife whatever its homeless unless you
have parents and yeah you know you're
homeless and you're not so well I look
at the homeless situation when you hit
me with a 50,000 number which is a lie
if you go around that way it's a while
and at the airport and hook that fucking
thing onto the four or five nor to look
under that there's a hundred people just
under there mm-hmm
so whatever number they tell you what do
you think they tell you as far as like
homeless population and oh I I don't
know I know Garcetti is under fire
yeah like the people of whist because
they gave two million dollars well he
came to really knows they gave him money
and he didn't do dick alright yeah they
gave me some type of money you got to
put up some shelters I saw the day up in
North Hollywood studios there's a church
then on Thursdays they go and take
showers there you know there was a place
in Maine that was offering they were
offering young couples they wanted young
people and young families to move up
there because it's tough to get people
to live in some of those parts of Maine
so they offered incentives for young
people to move up there and a lot of
African folks started moving up there
you know they found out that that was a
good place to be and so they like filled
up a lot of their shelters up there
there was an article about that see if
you could find that interesting it's
like hey they like look I know it's cold
as fuck but we'll take a chance they're
from a war war-torn part of the world
that they could just be cold and main
and be at peace hey bitches
that's why Marcus Davis lived up there I
asked him remember UFC fighter ma yeah
yeah I asked him like why do you why do
you like it in maze like there's no
fucking crime you know it's none he's
like there's none he was everybody's
nice it's cold as fuck but everybody's
nice over the comedy club up there where
was a comedy club was on a wharf and it
floated no where's where's that kid from
Maine every month Marley
Bob Marley's from Maine yeah he's a man
yeah not for the club was that more
asylum-seekers arrive in Portland Maine
from southern border a city Debates
assistance
Portland's human resources director
criticizes comments by mayor Ethan
strimling welcoming the arrival of more
immigrants they'd say that they're all
from Africa a specific Africa but
they're buying and bus tickets to go
from like San Antonio and tell other
parts in Texas I think this is a
different one this is a different thing
yeah just just google it from Africa I
did did you I've made African shelters
yeah I'm gonna sort of pop that mm-hmm
one person a new migrant surge from the
war this one from Central Africa
Wow interesting but you know for other
people in other parts of the world like
I'll take it and I get it
main is it is cold as fuck for a good
stretch of the winter but you know they
just stay indoors and keep fucking these
numbers here Wow la population LA County
homeless population jumps so from 2011
it was 39 thousand four hundred fourteen
and in 2019 it's fifty eight thousand
nine hundred thirty six so it jumped up
a fucking ton to almost twenty thousand
and that's just over a period of eight
years that's crazy that's a lot of
people just a couple dudes but my house
I'd take care of there's a couple dudes
that live in shopping carts I always
drop a little food there's one dude that
was like that he's like a soldier with
PTSD and he was in the park he's got to
be six four to any big black what do you
wanna do every time I see him I pull
over I give him a twenty I introduced
him to my wife and my daughter you know
you see anything used to just attacked
he's just attack you rip him apart well
my daughter started going to grammar
school I saw him when they walk him by
the grandmas who I pulled right up I go
that you see I grab just go right there
so my daughter goes to school you see
any suspicious white people you just rip
them apart those people don't lay that
he has a Rambo knife bigger than Rambo
hmm bigger than Rambo I love I love him
to death you could see the with a PTSD
and mental health he won't take showers
mm but he's got a heart of gold whenever
he sees him he smiles he gives me a
thumbs up I never said in that
neighborhood ten years I seem in that
part maybe six never violent behavior he
doesn't drink alcohol so I know he's not
just a fucking drunk
they just can't get it just mental
health no it's a mental health issue
yeah it sees a veteran I asked him how
you doing what's going on they told me
his whole like a little story as much as
he could without being embarrassed so I
just Dookie every time I see him I just
put money on his pan and he's as happy
as a pig in shit
but he's a fucking stone killer they
ain't gonna be nobody no shoes at that
kid's school cuz I got him checking it
out three times a day you think I'm
getting you I don't think I'm kidding
you I love them I love them too that my
wife waves at them we be pad of mercy
waves at them everybody's happy with
just so there's no misunderstanding it's
like a little peace of mind
is there ever gonna be your time when
there's no bad neighborhoods
is that possible is it possible to have
a place where there's no crime at all
what do you think holds that ever really
gonna be possible I mean it's definitely
better now that never has been before
and you can think that if if things move
in the same general direction they'll be
less crime a hundred years from now than
100 years ago but do you ever think
there's gonna be a time where everywhere
is safe you know the internet gives you
a lot of education on what cities are
having a hard time they don't tell you
but they don't really feel yet you know
every weekend you see the murder count
in Chicago it's crazy
every weekend the murder count of
Chicago these fucking countries ain't no
safer Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico
a couple we think about a year ago that
is many shootings in Puerto Rico one
weekend as they do in fucking Chicago on
the weekends you know but if the shit
that happens in that way we don't hear
everything what's happening Dominican
Republic all these people are dying I'd
die I don't know what is that for
minibar it's this it's that what do you
think what do you think Jaime
speculation I heard that there's lots of
deals that get made from like fright
like if you had a friend that was like
maybe brief fill-in minibars mm-hmm your
other friend would then refill the
little bottles with not actual liquor
and like they just kind of refill those
I've seen videos online it's not
actually having the Dominican Republic
but where all-inclusive resorts that's
what the video said they're just
refilling bottles of Kivar CA and
Hennessy and all sorts just like the
brown water I don't know what the fuck
they're even doing it it's like a whole
system they have there's like 15 people
the little factor in the back of the
shed on the beach just filling up empty
bottles of shit
so just ripping people off I don't know
if that's what's happening in the dr but
that's what I've read speculation online
says that there's just sort of something
I mean this online not any of its again
is speculation it's nowhere right
there's seat that seems to make sense
right if some
had a scam and those little mini bar
bottles are kind of expense not a bad
batch and just like you get bad batches
of drugs they're gonna find out they got
some homemade fentanyl or a bad thing
and yeah maybe they got some bullshit
homemade booze that's poison
they got spread around yeah yeah but the
whole thing is suspicious acoustic are
they doing kinky shit at the hospital
kinky shit yeah what kind of kinky shit
no answering no answer no hablo we don't
know oh no it is they're probably
overwhelmed
imagine if we're sitting over here
talking about it how many people have
been calling them how many people are
furious because they lost their loved
one over there they don't know what the
fuck is going on and then someone said
that it's not necessarily really an
uptick that does not necessarily really
an uptick of
deaths it's just that they're
highlighting every time someone dies and
that the reality is people die all the
time I don't know if that makes sense
you know like I mean how many people if
you were just looking at Los Angeles
that come here and they visit one I'm
having a heart attack and die it might
be a lot you know we don't really know I
mean how many people come over here from
another country every day and wind up
dying while they're here this is not a
normal thing that people do because
people do it mean if people are dying of
heart attacks and ulcer strokes and all
sorts of other shit is that because
someone's doing something to them or is
it because a hundred thousand people a
day come over here and one of them a day
dies I don't know what those numbers are
know this legit what do you show me
people that died at number great numbers
I guess this looks like only maybe 12 to
15 people or since March March that's a
lot what is it I don't know I don't know
if that's it or here in California all
these people are done no no 50 year
older
yeah right which can happen in any point
time especially if you're on vacation
doing viagra drinking straight Jack
Daniels fucking up a storm you could
have a heart attack bro but all jokes
aside
no disrespect is that can you google how
many people is this an uptick or are
really is it no what's the best way to
say this diaper yeah yeah yeah what's
the annual tour
right torez death rate and is it any
different from what we're experiencing
now because it would be weird if we just
found out that no this is just what
happens and they're just making a big
deal of this for a story with this that
you know 55 year old drunk guys die
every year the Dominican Republic and in
Cuba and in Puerto Rico and people get
hammered on vacation bro you know that I
have no reason to go there why they sell
cocaine on the beach I do not like that
idea
yeah at all when I heard that they sold
cocaine on the beach shit what's the big
Mexican resort whether people go for
Spring Break 401 but oh yeah Tulum no
thang khuu
Cancun Cancun they sell coke on the
beach yeah all those times when you sell
coke on the beach I don't want to be on
that beach and I was a junkie he's ever
saying I just have this weird feeling
about that they sell coconut Beach they
do that in Costa Rica too I had somebody
offered me some bro no yeah yeah yeah
pill thick's used to have a funny joke
about that about walking down the street
that someone's trying to say I see you
coke coke you got coke we got weed got
coke the guy would see me heroin and you
go fuck heroin and he goes the fuck why
do you think I wanted heroin man I can
afford coke very funny - one about 2.7
American Americans visited Dominican
Republic last year which publicly
releases data on only about natural
deaths such as car crashes and drownings
it does not release information about
deaths by natural causes such as heart
attacks or strokes even though it
compiles reports on Americans who died
on all Americans who died abroad it's a
matter of statistics that a certain
number of travelers will suffer serious
illnesses accidents and even death while
traveling internationally the death rate
in the Dominican Republic is not any
higher than the death rate in the States
officials said that's what I'm talking
about you don't when people visit other
countries don't expect them to stay
alive because you don't expect them to
stay alive here they die all the time
but when you're talking about what do
they say what was the
of thousands how many hundred thousand
people visit the Dominican Republic
every year 2.7 million visited last year
Americans visited last year oh my god
really report seven million yeah ten
people died I loved twelve people have
died I guess why don't I think it was a
hundred thousand so anymore
last year eleven people died last year
no this year this is a month last but
I've been to 12 people that's a lot of
fucking people going over there man
people die but meanwhile everybody's
scared to go to the Dominican Republic
so it's like probably killing their
business and oh he was fine until we
track had the minibar come on man are
you sure you know some some people I'm
sure are getting fucked the scary one
was the lady got attacked there was a
lady who got attacked
alright so they beat her half to death
she has no idea what happened she saw a
guy with an outfit on from the resort
like an employee's outfit and he fucking
clubbed her and beat the shit out of her
and she doesn't remember anything they
left her for dead
and when they found her they thought she
was dead you know bro I helped me I'm
sure for the last 10 20 years there
ain't nowhere I really want to go why is
awesome I'm scared of all that shit go
to why it's the United States we were
Laura yeah good job you know my wife and
I sat down and were like all the place
where you only go it's a six-hour
fucking flight it's true you know yeah
why don't we do we got some of the best
coastal men in the world here if you
stop down by San Diego mix it up a
little bit mm-hmm one of the beaches go
up north to Santa Barbara go even up a
little north you know so we're gonna do
that a little bit I mean Santa Barbara's
beautiful Santa Barbara it's like being
on a vacation you know and you know an
hour away why don't we take too many
fucking planes to be on six hours to go
to fucking Miami New York I thought
about tangling with Jersey Shore I
thought about doing a lot of shit like
that this know what you could do to you
could take a couple day trip like go to
Santa Barbara for a day yes I mean or
mission to Santa Barbara go up past the
San Luis Obispo that's real nice I don't
know if you know this I fucking hate
holidays do
I hate holidays cuz it softens us
there's not like guys I kill me we work
through everything
but this love of fuck is the two weeks
before Christmas they shut down on my
ass they start singing jingle bells and
shit
you know week before Mother's Day and we
did homeworld a if fuck he kills me like
this Memorial Day killed me you gotta
figure I was in New York for three weeks
you know walking around also I come home
and the first guy come back to the
morale Day weekend nobody's having a
party nobody's doing shit finally Monday
I told my wife I go fucking I got
tickets for the Dodger game let's go to
the Dodger game what are you doing for
the 4th I'm going to the beach nice I'm
leaving fucking Wednesday morning when
do we have a barbecue over my house for
the 4th when you brought your daughter
was the last time that was like three
years ago she was - no she's 6 she's so
cute man she pointed to me when yuck yes
I asked you don't say yuck no more do
you see does not grew that I came close
to her you were holding her I came
closer to say hi I'm like how are you
it's like yuck and now she sees you she
goes I know him she still remembers you
she you know that's the door it's the
the kids memories are horrible and I'm
gonna being a kid and going to my mom's
bar and there were certain people I
would walk in and my mom would go before
you say anything I'm waiting to know he
remembers everything
mmm he doesn't react to you he'll tell
me at 2:00 in the morning I would tell
my mom shit like that dude came in he
had a gun he had someone his nose and
that's what's crazy about kids you give
their little people they're in another
room you having a conversation with your
wife three days later she'll tell me
what that conversation was I just look
at it I don't smoke in the house no more
she's busted me once but she never said
no nobody this is I could tell she's a
dear she keeps her mouth shut that's all
I walked out she was right there and as
I was talking to her smoke was coming
out of my mouth she didn't say one word
to me and she ain't smokers why she
fucking aged smokers not because it's
bad for now because
by ruining the environment that's
hilarious you know nothing about health
she's like that no good people smokers
are no good because they're ruining the
environment daddy some like okay what do
you know I'm thinking about the Hawaiian
thing I want you to hook me up from A to
Z let me know okay I know it's a certain
exact way to go clean what time is I
don't know what time of the year to go
any time
okay that's while bullshit fuck yeah for
Hawaii okay I'd go to Hawaii any day of
the air so that you don't go from like
December to February because it's a
little season I like that we went in
June before that we went last time we
had gone was in January or December yeah
it's um it's beautiful that the people
are so nice man it's just it's lastly
but I shouldn't say this they're
probably getting mad you're gonna make
more people come over there it's fucking
it's an amazing place to live man they
live in Paradise they live there they're
on an island that's created by a volcano
in the middle of the ocean and it's
fucking gorgeous it's it's so pretty it
was crazy
betting they saw in the water we saw a
lot of a lot of dolphins man - spinner -
spinner dolphins I guess they call them
I guess that's what kind of dolphins
they wear I don't remember what kind of
dolphins but back in December we saw
whales that was awesome that's amazing
that you see fucking whales breach the
surface of our dealin whoa
wild man just go out there in boats and
look for splashes in the distance then
we saw them big schools of dolphins they
swim under your boat
it's wild shit man you know cuz they're
just these crazy sea mammals that are
super intelligent live in the water
right off right off the coast I mean
that said it's such a paradise because
what Owyhee has it no other place does
is it's fully surrounded by the most
beautiful pristine water there's no shit
beaches on Hawaii it's all gorgeous
water and then scuba G yeah we know we
snorkels okay so when you went
snorkeling it's a shark
no that's get the fuck outta me
what that scares the fuck out of me
sharks get the fuck out okay
guys are killed I love you too hello you
said I am fucking to a point that's why
I'm petrified and I don't know why you
should be I grew up in a be like I still
remember my mom taking me to Coney
Island dog being a little kid getting
that hot dog I got both times I went to
Coney Island I had drama the first time
I went to Coney Island I got corner
what's the undertow yeah yeah well you
you're you go out hearing your waist
yeah well being you were playing yeah we
look at our parents and they're two
miles away
it's very dangerous oh the fucking
lifeguards I had to be five maybe five
maybe four I was my first experience in
Coney Island second experience in Coney
Island I'm there with my cousins we're
jumping up and down I'll never forget it
had to be hot like those hot days we ran
in do you know we're swimming around and
I want some we look up and there was the
biggest piece of shit it was 13 14
inches spinning around the beach just
floating past us walking out telling my
mom I'm never going back that was the
last I went to call me out and then I
went to Jersey and I went to the beach I
loved it everything was hunky-dory and
it started here about 2003 I went down
to the beach and when we got there that
God the lifeguard walks over you know
after you smoke a fucking joint you got
past BF on you the guy comes only
because the beach isn't closed
officially but there's been a couple
shark sighting system so if you go into
the water I just want you to know let me
know and wave over at me this is when
you come up here and you make the right
turn down you know I don't know anyways
it's the other way of going down to the
beach not the 405 way to sunset you get
off it's the other way what Canyon there
you go Topanga Topanga can't you get on
that yeah that time we got right there
soon as we landed that'll be two
thousand three two thousand two the guy
said oh we it's not close but they've
been seeing a couple spots are trying it
mm I always try to go in the ocean I'm
cute
my mother loved the beach we always went
every time I go to the beach I go what
the fuck is wrong with me and I buckle
up I take the 4 steps I dip in and then
I walk out a little bit and once I start
bouncing I go on then I take a couple
strokes Joe I feel great and as soon as
one of those fucking things touch my
foot you never see a fat motherfucker
run as quick as you say I just run out
straight and that's it I put my SPF on
I'll go back in the water I go in just
to refresh myself
did you see the fucking great white base
off the coast of Jersey the one the bit
those guys are selfish means bringing in
you see that unbeliev that's not normal
brother I grew up in Jersey there's
always been sharks but not great whites
like that great whites
started the first time we ever saw a
shark was in Montauk Montauk is next to
a MIDI where they really shot George
Charles are supposed to be happy oh one
of those if you look how to know what
correctly it is when they shot George
it's supposed to be the coast of fucking
long I'll mmm
but if anybody knew when I was a kid I
used to go to Montauk all the time that
Beach was no bueno dog you'd be on the
beach and a fucking crab would walk up
to you mm-hmm
they walked by this but this is geez
this is unheard of guys come on that's
just it's biting their buoy is that what
that is yeah or is that a sack of meat
yeah yeah I think there's they're
chumming it yeah
are they chumming why is it biting that
thing then is that definitely what's
going on what is on that rope back there
oh it's what it ripped it apart
oh yeah look there's salmon fillets
2,000 pounds or of fish fish fillets the
they think the shark was 2,000 pounds
look at the size stop stop doing this
because it's hard to for me to tell
what's going on okay they dangled so
what is it biting what is that yellow
thing in fact that buoy
yeah it looks like it but why would it
bite a buoy
it's a fucking animal but you see how
they have that piece of fish they were
dangling in the water it seemed to me
like they were I think they were fishing
that but that with that
fish it was already filleted so it's
like the body the head and the tail it
seemed to me like they're putting that
in the water to attract sharks I bet
they know a spot where sharks eat see
what I'm talking about
see that's the part of the fish that you
can't you know it's like he's got it
opened up like a fillet and they're
dragging it through the water I think to
try to attract them maybe I saw it
they're like let's see if we can get it
close yeah maybe right yeah
oh shit never mind get it away yeah
throw it yes he they're throwing that in
the water I'm definitely trying to bring
him closer to the boat I don't give a
fuck they put a leg in the water look at
the size of that fucking thing off the
coast of New Jersey that would make you
want to scratch your fucking head then a
week later a seal attack the girl in a
California beach I feel I saw one where
a seal grabbed a girl's leg yeah it's
pulled her into the water off a dog that
was a different one this is another this
is another one and they're blaming it on
a chemical in the ocean
whoa knocks or something like that that
wants the seals get that in look at this
girl how she got dragged in cuz look at
this look at this my brother Oh
oh my god yeah
something's going on shit holy shit bro
I think the climate change is everywhere
it's all over and the fuck is that oh
that's incoming like wow that's crazy
that they got it on video too it just
jumps up and bites your fucking leg
maybe to payback oh yeah no I see one on
here no it's a big giant shark Oh ch and
then the rest of the dogs come in to
help it's buddy and it sort of stays for
a second I thought maybe it had one and
they're trying to get it to release it
did it
I don't believe no look at it Jesus
Christ it's a really crazy fucking video
but the dogs are huge also they're no
bitch-ass dogs yes to the beach with
five savages like that that's a fucking
shark bro no you got to be very careful
very careful now something's going on
and you have to do you think the world's
coming to an end not at all what do you
think I'm ready Bravo the fuck the world
we got whistling and dick until
something happens but what I miss make
all these shark attacks especially on
the East Coast the last three weeks well
here's one specially on the East Coast
one thing could be lack of food right I
mean they over fish the fuck out of the
ocean people know for a fact that that's
a real problem that's a real problem
overfishing is a giant problem they're
worried that the ocean fish in some
parts of world will literally be extinct
there'll be nothing left and 50 60 100
years who knows if they don't clean up
their act but you just see the way they
do with commercial Nets just just throw
those fucking things in and just insane
wide Nets just scooping up everything
and then they they get all these fish
and they dump them in the hull of the
boat and it's crazy how much fish they
kill it's crazy how much what a desire
for fish we all have but if sharks run
out of shit D and then the seals run out
of shit to eat the Sharks start running
out of seals then they start going after
people little seals eat let's good
question I don't imagine the heat fish
years ago seals up in San Francisco were
getting killed by sharks yeah such a
high level at such a high level that a
guy was on a surfboard and they couldn't
imagine why the shark bit him and then
they looked into it they said from
underneath the shark just sees they see
I see a seal yeah yeah there's a crazy
video of a shark taking a seal out out
on this one right here right in front of
all these people on this on the marina
Alcatraz
Alcatraz okay watch this back it up a
little bit what's this splatter this
shark just jacks his fucking seal right
in front everybody they're all looking
at watch this boom look at all that
blood and everybody's like what the fuck
so oil slick a blood the shark comes out
of the water with the seal I mean look
at that blood that is
Annis bright red blotch and a fucking
huge shark destroying a seal in front of
everybody just let you know that's their
world there's monsters right there
it's just they can't get out of the
water I mean imagine if you that was
like right next to the woods and you
know that if you didn't go into the
woods you'd be okay but if you did go
into the woods
there's a giant gray thing that moves 30
miles an hour that just bites the legs
and arms off of everything it runs into
is that what the village was they scared
him going to the woods because
something's gonna kill him if they put
on a costume the village was about a
bunch of people that didn't know that it
was like 2,000 and mime and know what
they got some they're gonna die if I
something yeah they scared him with some
costume or some shit right giant shark
but that's what it's like when you're
sitting on the dock they're looking out
at that shark fucking up that seal in
the water it's right there I mean you
could just jump in I mean it is sort of
like being at the edge of the woods
watching some mythical monster tear
apart a creature in front of you we
spoke when you win Hawaii that's the
first thing I said to you though nothing
happened and they got well there's a lot
of tiger sharks tiger sharks bite people
bull sharks are apparently the most
dangerous and they're the weird ones
because they go through freshwater
they'll go I could they found bull
sharks way up near Illinois like near
Chicago on rivers bull sharks get in
fresh water and swim all the way up the
river in fact Jaws was actually inspired
by bull sharks that bit people over like
a successive couple of days in New
Jersey in a river in New Jersey that's
the the actual original story that
inspired Jaws came from shark attacks
and like I want to say like maybe the
50s or some shit like that that were a
near a river in New Jersey a freshwater
river speaking of New Jersey someone
want to show you see if you can find
that story another's been shark's
Mississippi River yeah yeah exactly they
can go way up they can survive and
fresh water the bull sharks are there a
weird animal I think that monster guy
that that television show River Monsters
that dude that cool guy I think that guy
caught one somewhere if I remember
correctly that guy that used to hang out
with wild boy steve-o and Chris Pontius
Manny he got into that water in the bay
at San Francisco with like 200 bull
sharks the footage of it is fucking
crazy oh my god there are some ones just
with no cage nothing obviously though I
thought when Stephen was on that fucking
tree and the Lions jumped up in the tree
to be with him like what in the fuck
they were took his hat from him took his
hat off his head I'm like what what what
what like he was inches from death one
of your fans sent me an article for you
oh about six months ago really
interesting and got it somewhere my
tickets on Twitter so Rocky Balboa
something rocky about more Sylvester
Stallone was a young guy anyone into a
gym and bailed because he wanted chuck
wepner's trainer to train him but Chuck
Webb his trainer told him to fuck off
because some of Estes that long had done
port so Sylvester soul on the way out
stole Chuck what there's no book that he
wrote in and that's where he took the
idea for Rocky is that true did you ever
hear this I never heard that this is
maybe it's true despite the fact that
Stallone was sued by Wepner in 2003 for
using his story for rocky he ultimately
settled for an undisclosed amount of
money in 2006 according to forbes seems
being a good spirit about wet-nurse tale
being told on the big screen in an
interview with deadlines Chuck producer
Mike Tolan said that Stallone was
supportive of everyone involved reading
the script and even showing up on set he
and Liv had positive dialogue during
shooting her movie about Chuck they did
a movie but Chuck
hmm that's weird that he's used his
story for rocky so the idea was that he
used a story when Chuck Wepner fought
Muhammad Ali that's actually based on
nobody kind of makes sense that would be
based on cuz Karl
was kind of like a Muhammad Ali
character and Rocky Balboa was kind of
like Chuck Wepner but if I remember that
fight correctly I mean I remember
Muhammad Ali beating the shit out of
Chuck Wepner I don't remember it being
like a close fight like they mate didn't
they make that fight a draw wasn't
rocket even a draw he did Muhammad all
he'd knock him out Chuck what no dude he
beat him up he beat him up he didn't
knock him out but I think he's went I
think he went 12 rounds mid that might
have been 15 rounds my thing back when
they were doing fifteen matter of fact I
think it did I think if I remember
correctly went to distance but again my
boxing knowledge is not like my MMA
knowledge it's like be level what year
1975 it was billed as they give the
white guy a break oh my god Arius they
should have done that in rocky he's
knocked out in the 15th round okay
fifteen throw so that's what I'm saying
it wasn't like rocky rocky the story of
Rocky is this guy who actually was a
good fighter but just never focused
himself decides to focus himself for
this preposterous opportunity to fight
for the title and actually hurts him
actually hurts him and it's a draw at
the end of the fight it's a crazy
fucking war and turns out to be a draw
that was not Chuck Wepner story I mean
unless these part of chuck wepner's life
we pay them yeah you obviously pay my
dad might have this mace be some truth
to that function store maybe and stole
all has always been known to have a
sticky fingers hmm he stuck you from the
Expendables that was any student yep and
that is to take them back there's in
those days that's what they did right
for people what people don't know is
this is how people would do that they
meet with a guy Jamie I hate doing
Jamie's and I got an idea but like I
moved back to Columbus also a year later
Jamie turns the TV on and there's this
story on TV Jamie takes him to court and
wins he has the notes the appointment
that his agent made for him to meet
Stallone Austin long has to shell him
now
the amount of the script he doesn't have
to give him proceeds of what he made
yeah so it's a it's tremendous scam if
you do it and get away with it I'm
listening I'm not bad much to one we
tase them I've every time those Rocky's
come on i watch those fucking things
yeah and I am more more baffled that
they kinda still hold up
and what's really baffling about the
Rockies is they keep on coming you know
they're writing another one Creed
yeah Cree now that they got Michael B
Jordan yeah you know did you see the
video of Michael B Jordan going through
that tactical course it's fuckin badass
man I don't know what movie he's
preparing for please prepare for some
fucking crazy crazy shoot-'em-up movie I
guess you know I did Harun tactical I
did this thing with our boy and I didn't
know like boy was John Murtha was
telling me that half the movies he does
you gotta go to a six month before
there's a road he's going through one of
these courses like John wick style
listen you gotta go through six months
of this it says it's with four black
panther so this is when he was in that
movie Black Panther so he's preparing
for he's a bunch of guns movie this no
no no make sense yeah he did shoot a lot
of guns not really yeah he was a
mercenary don't remember Michael B
Jordan was a killer and then I remember
the hand-to-hand fight so I guess yeah
well there was that too but I'm sure
there was some gun fights and just to be
able to handle it and look and look like
this look like I mean I don't know
enough about shooting to know if this
looks good looks good to me though you
know I'm saying well if you watch like
Tom Cruise and collateral mm-hmm when he
goes into the Japanese bar on in
Koreatown or whatever it is he's using
tactical shooting yeah like it's real
tactical yeah I always knew that Tom
Cruise is an alternate professionally
that's why he gets twenty eighty million
a movie
the whole deal but I had to talk to our
boy he was telling me now that all these
movies now you go over there five six
months before the movie starts and it's
you know eight hours of training mm-hmm
you gotta give it up for your boy John
wick oh yeah it's 56
five hours a day jiu-jitsu he's doing
jiu-jitsu and he there's a bunch of
scenes of him doing that say or say who
did it with a Henry rifle on those Henry
old-school Western rifle spanglish with
those called you know those little load
them up ones where you let the rest down
to reload we were kids we had those yeah
you pump them the stronger begin shot
your grandmother something like eighty
times if you hated the motherfucker you
start pumping that bitch at like 6:00 in
the morning you get all full that was
the ultimate dangerous weapon to give to
a kid a fucking we had everything we had
tube surgical tools oh my god yeah I had
a friend that lived on the second floor
he would just peg off kids walking over
check just he was in school too so he
would run home from school go on his
fucking on his second third floor attic
lay on the floor like a mercenary and
just shoot kids they couldn't invest
down oh my god how funny was he he would
put nails he would put nails and wait
tables like deed at school someone
people put that books down they get
caught by the nail he was just a fucking
nut
no he's somewhere installing elevators
in Pennsylvania so I'm gonna fuck those
wrist rockets are so dangerous we just
use marbles just a Chris Rock is by a
bag of marbles and get a wrist rocket oh
yeah
coz marbles they fly consistently you
can get used to where the trajectory is
gonna go if you have a rock oh the fuck
knows that much that rock weighs you
know this rocks heavier than that rock
it's hard to figure out where the fuck
things are going but when you get good
with a marble you understand like right
here I kind of can judge the arc of that
marble you can start nailing things you
can start nailing things I mean you got
your first marksman repeated you ever
got a marshal repeat it I never had one
of those marshal repeater his pellets
BB's and darts I had one of those knows
about a oh my mother caught me gave me a
beating I had the fucking
double-oh-seven knife that's a knife
from the seventies
the ins Oldham in Newark or in Harlem I
remember several Oh sevens and a wooden
handle hood and I used to get the the
painted jeans do you know I don't when I
was like by the third grade do you know
he's still shaking down on the way out
and the way and do you know that because
they were worried about you Oh in the
first second grade before my mother put
me in Catholic school it was called
shake down take socks off
Wow sorry how much money you went out
with this piano no that's a Marchman
repeat oh look at it it was bb's pellets
and that's where you put the darts up on
thought you had a lot of how many kids
got shot by the cops holding that thing
none what are you talking my god none
none that's the 70s nah no okay we're
talking to you first before they shot
you in the head when they start to shoot
and they shoot you in the fucking leg
back then oh they were normal people
because they were neighborhood kids they
in those days the cops in your
neighborhood 60% were from that
neighborhood so they understood the
person they understood the kid they knew
he had mental health now they'll get up
suddenly from cold the city and put him
in San Diego they don't know the area
when we were growing up especially when
you were staying with your grandpa no
work all those cops grew up in North on
the road and said fucking crazy don't
worry about them is when you go out over
the Rogen's you take your gun out you
don't point that bright Joe put the gun
down I see what he's saying like the
cops were members of the community knew
so they knew they weren't going into
everything cold they weren't going into
everything cold I think the people that
I have to worry the most of cops are
pull people over cuz you just fucking
never know you see what happened yes I'm
the cop the black dude in North Carolina
whatever he was I don't know way it
wasn't sorry Fitz North Carolina he was
smoking a blunt the cop pulled him over
he fucking drag the cop whoa grab him by
the elbow it's Jamie I know you saw it
on the news dragged them twice not once
but twice the cop was try to pull the
gun then the cop shot him in the leg
oh Jesus and he still dumped the cop off
and he got away
Wow so he's out there the hole in his
leg yeah no they finally caught it me
- ambulance I won't get forgiveness so
he's just smoking the blot looking up
right in front of the cop the cop said
he smelled marijuana so is he holding on
to him yeah over the side whoa so the
guy tried to drive off and he hung on it
looks like he hung on to the car am i
correct there that's um when you he's
reaching for his gun now I looked at one
now look at that are those bullets yeah
I mean look I just dumped from their Joe
Rogo shit what he he just thousand there
and they got fell over on the dirt he
probably fucked himself yeah he fucked
himself up that poor guy so was he
holding on it's like when the car takes
off like what is he doing it looks like
he's holding on so that's the way Joe
Rogan
I can't tell so it usually has yes so
they usually have that BAM along the
side will you put your leg up at least
that's what I think is going on but he's
holding on to the window - it looks like
he's trying to hold he's got his arm in
he said well this time he's got his lies
he's holding on to his seatbelt
he's holding on to his seat yeah no it
is look at look at this oh yeah that's
it that's what he has so he's holding
the seatbelt man he's got his good
fucking gun out he shoots the guy not
yet he goes to grab for his gun is that
when he shoots him cuz the dude does
look like he at one point in time man
leave me the fuck alone look his grill
I'm just trying to smoke my
motherfucking blunt what is he going on
with his teeth is that like some kind of
iced out girl I don't know
now that's when he's does that boom he
shoots him Wow
but at least he shot him in the leg and
not right don't write but the whole
thing she was rather crazy he's hanging
on
with just a gun by dash cam shows
Florida man drive of course it's for
Florida driving off for the deputy
dragging from his car after traffic stop
the man is now facing an attempted
murder charge okay
was he dragging the car or was the guy
hanging on he was a guy hanging on while
he's trying to drive off was that the
same I guess yeah but I mean I don't
know if he told you to stop you can't go
so like you can't rush drive away can't
just drive away okay with that and once
the car starts moving you're he's
hanging onto the door you are dragging
him yeah so he's hanging on to the
seatbelt and they're dragging him fuckin
stitches the guys walk around with a
bandit slip the dude who got pulled over
though he's hilarious play that again
his reaction he just keeps puffing on
the blunt smell marijuana man were you
talking about
what look at him he's an Aries he's
right a little movie like those are so
sparkly are they is you have a grill on
can you tell it looks like he's got some
kind of ice to up grill am i imagining
that again my name is Joe Joe Rogan what
his name is Rocco Rocco see he's got a
wild name - that is hilarious the whole
thing is so funny
I hope the cops okay Ronnie this is babe
his name's rocky money I told you it off
yes rassee money boot off down the
tracks cops done lit up rocky morning
money rudolf judea to boot oh that's
hilarious the best name i've seen in 14
years on the job
[Music]
rocky money rudolf that poor cop went to
work yesterday with a positive attitude
and he gets fucking dragged smoking a
black and milds the cops like i smell
weakness like i don't have we don't have
marijuana so was it just a cigar that's
what he says he says just a black and
loud it's a very distinct smell between
a black amount of marijuana well maybe
if you're some
goofy cop and as you know I think it's
marijuana pull him out what do you think
it smells what is what is a black and
milds smell like so what it's called
black and milds
what does it smell like I don't know but
yes a very strengths the distinct smell
you can tell it between us any cigar and
a black or Maude you can pick it out see
but I don't know that what if I had
become a cop and I smelled that would I
have to know what a black and milds
smells like he might not like weed
what is this mile thick cigarettes
tobacco a smoke yeah it doesn't smell
anything like we you know what smells
great pipes
I got a nice it's closer you know isn't
it interesting that like the smell of
tobacco from cigarettes it's kinda gross
smell from a cigar not that bad smell
from a pipe a lot of people like that
smell like a lot of people like like
kids like the smell of pipes smells like
some tobacco burning in a pipe actually
smells good weird I like the smell of
weed fuck all this shit then pipe nutmeg
in it yeah those are old the guys used
to this month not around that much I
love was nutmeg nutmeg the real but what
I'm saying is that drug when I was
younger when I was in my teens I felt
like people were smoking more pipes at
all the schools tea there was a teacher
my grandma school smoked a pipe I still
remember a teacher from my high school
vividly smoking a pipe I haven't seen
anybody smoking of Piper steven crowder
give me one that's right here smoked one
he was on the show yeah but he gave it
to you for refill yeah brought tobacco
and everything how was it it it's not
bad it's a kind of a pain in the ass you
got to keep it lit you know it's not
something that just stays lit like a
joint you know you got to kind of keep
will it make you feel like it's like
tobacco you don't accuse that little
high it's a nice little buzz like cigars
I think of the best version of that
because the cigar stays lit and you're
getting it from the leaf to like cause
like your tobacco your saliva rather is
breaking down the tobacco obviously I'm
not a scientist but your saliva is doing
something to the back over the leaf and
it may look at these little kids smoking
cigarettes
if you have a pipe this look is gonna
pipe is that a pipe yeah I was just
looking for kids is the one on the left
have a cigarette he's got a cigarette
yeah that's this one's probably fake but
I know yeah yeah in the 50s and 40s look
at that kid smoking cigarettes in the
lower right hand corner
kids smoke that's like an 11 year old
kid yeah Wow look at that all the kids
selling newspapers they were all fucking
addicted to cigarettes Wow hey do me a
favor send me that picture I want to try
to get that picture printed up for the
studio that's like a little rascals and
shit yeah Wow yeah see save that picture
see if we can buy a copy of that there
was a kid in my neighborhood growing up
on the North Bergen
his name was Olsen family Olsen that'd
be like telling them like Jimmy Olsen
yeah they live next to a body shop by 13
he had already been smoking fuck I swear
to god he had cavities so he would just
put the cigarette in the tooth gap and
just leave it there
oh I'll deal with the cigarette in the
cavity his teeth the green he's on
Facebook might say I thought movement at
the time and should I wave at him but
that's how bad in the 70s and 60s I
think the fifties kids were fucking
smoking well give that give your throat
a vacation smoke a fresh cigarette
camels shit it's a doctor a doctor's
telling you to give your throat a
vacation Chesterfield cigarettes are
just as pure as the water you drink Wow
people were evil back then they just
lied what God wanted more doctors smoke
camels what it's a than any other
cigarette I get of course I smoke camels
I like to relax as much as anyone your
t-zone will tell you t4 tastes t4 throat
from me the first time you smoked a
cigarette and in a pie for 14 or 15 what
happened to you I thought it was
disgusting I thought I was about like
nine I thought it was a fucking horrible
I got dizzy and then they turn to say
right I almost put the bathroom on fire
and my mother found that no-good the
next time I smoked one again was many
years later Adam Ferrara used to smoke
and he gave me some of his cigarettes we
were doing some sketch I don't remember
exactly what it was about but I was
supposed to be smoking cigarette in the
sketch I was supposed to be like some
annoying poet smoking a cigarette so I
kept smoking a cigarette while we're
practicing this thing and I'm blasted
out of my mind three four cigarettes in
we just smoked them back to back to back
and you don't smoke oh my god the
nicotine I was like this is crazy this
is what you're doing all the time I was
like you getting high all the time like
this a fact science advances new data
that may completely change your idea of
cigarettes the experiences of camel
smokers confirmed camels can literally
relieve fatigue and irritability and
that doesn't naturally do it it doesn't
naturally yeah man people just got sick
millions and millions of people got sick
from smoking just drop taking a big drag
of chemicals mixed with tobacco they
probably didn't mix the chemicals with
them back then packed down was probably
just actual tobacco these all of these
ads are really good smoke after you
strenuous exercise smoke after strenuous
exercise it's hilarious
asthmatic cigarettes imagine you got
asthma someone gives you a pack of Kools
here this will help you hey what you
know what you need is camel no filters
how about a Lucky Strike hilarious how
crazy this how crazy it would be we took
one of these ads like if you knew your
grandfather died of cancer and you took
one of these ads and fucking took it to
the cigarette companies got some badass
attorneys and said you know what man
look at what you guys were putting out
in the 50s and 60s mmm doctors favorite
cigarette is camel cigarette are you
fucking crazy like think about the end
think about how outrageous with what we
know today that
at it outrageous it's fucking out right
now ranges so evil like doctors favorite
cigarette is they're telling you doctors
are not saying like no they're not
saying like my accountants favorite
cigarette they're not saying my police
officers favorite cigarette they're
saying doctors to let you know it's
gonna be okay because they know it's not
gonna be okay you know it's not don't
know you don't know you really don't
know you really don't know you went to
the movies you're 13 you're 10 years old
your father gave you a nickel you went
to the movies and Marlon Brando was
smoking the cigarette in the wild one
and all of a sudden you go home and
you're like and you tell your friend
while that looks so cool and your friend
goes smoking is bad for you and you're
like no I just saw an article four out
of five doctors surveyed smoked camel
fucking cigarettes they look to the
eighty actually it's not bad for you it
can literally remove irritability nose
throat and accessory organs not
adversely affected by smoking
Chesterfields did a six-month study and
they said nothing was first such report
ever published about any cigarette oh so
it's Chesterfields you just get them in
your okay imagine there was once a
Reuters had it nailed oh I used to date
a girl that works at a crazy house like
what people go on that crazy mm-hmm and
she used to bring you know I was a broke
comic she used to bring me home
cigarettes I would smoke those
cigarettes and go off the reservation
uh-oh like they were like low-end
cigarettes you gotta see the shit they
put in there like I could tell a visible
difference from when I smoked a camel or
a Marlboro light did you ever smoke
Sherm was charm Sherm you know what
Sherm is no Sherman was something they
were doing where certain cigarettes they
would dip in formaldehyde I smoked weed
with formaldehyde what's that like
tremendous she's fucking tremendous but
I was into that shoe at that time that
Sherman's Mosley turns people into a
zombie you take a joint you dip out of
there formaldehyde or coat it my friend
load it let it drive it again
I was so crazy you smoked that shit and
it'd be it'd be ten hours it was up to
me this says that it was if when people
were doing it they would say it was
embalming fluid because it would make
you turn into the zombie but it was
really just PCP oh really
they would call it embalming fluid
that's what like urban dictionary and
some things that I'm looking up now
calling like what what it actually was
but did you look up sure yeah yeah
that's that's what it says so it's a
hoax I don't know that it's a I'm sure
some idiots probably did find some
formaldehyde or a mauling flit and dip
it in but well after all the bad press
the PCP got I could imagine the people
would eventually be like alright listen
the we gotta stop smoking PCP so they
were sneaking in things nobody had a
good PCP experience another thing said I
had 50 good ones good PCP experiences
but guys to be honest I didn't know is
don't be CP oh they called it THC
crystal THC crystals so that's what it
was called THC crystal how do you know
is PCP because he is later I found that
THC crystal didn't fucking exist
well THC crystals is like the crystals
off of we from what they tell you at
that time you'd ask the dealer like
where'd you get this wrong we're out on
the street was you took stems you threw
them in a pot of boiling water then when
it comes to a head the stuff that stays
to the edge you scrape that off yeah and
you put it into a powder form and
actually you snorted that was the word
on the street but what it really was was
PC fucking pee it was an animal
tranquilizer
oh so they were just saying that so they
could sell it so they could sell it and
then when you go into New York City in
the eighties when you went to the weed
spots yeah they sold two types of weed
but they also call the thing sold the
thing called trays trays trays that's a
three dollar bag oh so when you paid
they would sell you and a ten dollar bag
a sense of me got five joints or
something then they would have like a
special $20 from Buddha tie and you
would get three joints two and a half
joints tight joints and then for the
tray you get a tight joint of this white
powder
that look like a line of coke when you
put means Abel so what you did was you
roll you join then you took that white
line you sprinkled in the joint you
smoked it
bye-bye Irene bye-bye Irene and they
always gave it a weird name like Jim
Jones Oh tons of time after he drunk
Liam saying after kill those people yeah
so they would give it we had weird names
Jim Jones how crazy was that suicide
they would make give it all these weird
names Jim Jones named a town Jonestown
that's Eno that's when the cops move in
when you name a town after yourself like
what are you doing I'm just running
Vernon Ville and that's just the town
but in Guyana yeah I've made people sell
everything and moved that that's just a
horrific fuckin you know it's been a guy
in a bunch of times
Steve Rinella you know is that yeah he's
been on my podcast from the show meat
eater yeah he's recorded a bunch of
episodes in Guyana living with the
people that live in the jungle
fascinating shit fascinating watching
all those people live and he's
interacting with them and hanging out
with them bowfishing with them and shit
just wild man
they found pictographs on a rock that's
on a river they have no idea who made
them no idea how old they are just
sitting there just probably thousand
years old don't know what they mean to
some people from an ancient time ago in
Guyana I wrote this shit on a rock and
you can still see it today I want to see
what that fucking place looks like then
Jim Jones had no they just did whatever
but no it's just a jungle that I just
grew up they went back and they read ugh
up the old stage he had a landing strip
too right
yeah that's where you shot that I dog I
still remember being a little kid and
I'm showing the guy getting shot the
federal age the camera falling no the
governor or the senator they show they
always showed this shot of the camera
going down mmm they're the reporters are
about to get on the plane and then the
truck pulled up and guys just opened
fire on them I think I found with the
camera rolling Wow the lady's still
alive the senator the woman she got shot
woman got shot
the congressman whoever the congressman
the senator what we got he died but her
assistant lived and somebody else lived
and they just got interviewed it was
either the anniversary or some shit I
hate all that shit I can't see the
people he took down man he just coats
are dangerous it's very dangerous when
one person wants to be the only one to
talk and tell you what to do and make
the rules and be special when you got
that one person that gathers a group of
people and has all those people listened
to him without question and tries to say
that he has the the answers for whatever
reason that's appealing to people it's
very weird but people fall into that
trap over and over and over again we
have a strong confident man who is
telling you what you know and then you
see them giving in to the power and for
whatever reason it makes it even more
attractive to a certain segment of the
population
when you see someone reveling in the
power of being a cult leader like I
guarantee you when that guy in Waco what
the fuck was his name correct correct
David Koresh I guarantee you when when
he was on the news and talking about how
they'll never give up I kept girls were
probably beaten down his door trying to
get in that cult the crazier and the
nuttier and the more more apocalyptic
your message the more people that want
to join it's weird
and they just they just don't have the
ability to discern oh this is not a good
idea
this guy really doesn't have his head on
straight this guy might be fucking
completely crazy
they've always realized those things a
fuck fest anyway oh another ten that guy
slingin dick he's arrested that'll crush
banged everybody's wife yeah yeah yep
the friend I had a friend who grew up in
a cult in the stories room oh yeah
horrific I know the friend I know we
talked about yeah horrific you know so
you look at this shit and you're like I
don't fucking dangerous anytime someone
is running any kind of thing where they
got to separate you from everybody else
come to us we're gonna get you away from
all those people it never goes well it
fuck it never goes well it never goes
well they want control they want control
and control of you and the best way to
do that is get you away from all this
other press
people with all their questions they
don't know but we know we know what's
really going on we know what this is
really all about next thing you know
you're gonna cult
how many cults are going on right now
that we don't know about it's like a
gang of them that are just like bubbling
under the surface that one they found
out about last year right that was a
section New York yeah that's the real
they throw motherfuckers in jail over
that one yeah the next someone is a
weird one right because it was legit
actors and actors and actresses which
does a sex call right they're all sex
calls they should stop saying sex calls
right no no sex cult it just looks like
Buddhists they're like they go okay yes
whatever you got just think about that a
guy who tells you he's God crazy right
does she coming back the next they smell
like cock and God knows what else
look and you have to still respect the
guy all in God yeah they do yeah then
such a sick sick fucking mind it's
certain you have to be in such a weak
state as a human being they're really
buying into that you can't call them you
know you can't call it they're just for
the fucked up weird state yes maybe and
they had a void in their life somewhere
and this is the way by filling it in I
just I don't see it
I can never join a cult well there's a
bunch of different things get along with
the leader
mm-hmm you got a house yeah those people
that want to Jones time have a sell
their home did you see wild wild country
country no what is it
it's a Netflix documentary about the
Pacific Northwest cults all rock nice
guy that eventually went on to he found
this this crazy cult and he went on to
buy this town up there I heard about it
it's fucking amazing
how'd you listen we live around so much
stupidity while watching one sit down
watching on TV it's really good though
the documentary is incredible it's so
well done and as Sheila
who's running things she supposed to be
bullshit it's crazy they put they poison
people she did all kinds of crazy stuff
it was its wild they ship homeless
people in to vote so they could take
over the town they just brought homeless
people in from everywhere just picked
him up come and the homeless people like
yay we found a home and some of them
were like really into it and then
they're like alright we're done with you
get the fuck out of here keep them out
after they took over the home everyone
in the town that lived there before them
was fucking hated them they had their
own police force armed guards I mean
guys armed to the dick okay just
carrying machine guns shit well how the
fuck is a tool o'clock cuz we that's
what always happens with us how the fuck
I thought it was like 1 o'clock you know
12:30 we have fun this is e I'm doing
you Furth
I've known you for 23 years man maybe
more what do you do when did you get
here what year 97 was it 97 yeah yeah
22 years it's a long time and how long
they've been there for every time I go
down there I get a fucking anxiety
attack really yeah I got anxiety I can't
believe I'm still there it's still so
fun I got a I got a home sometimes I
just sit back by the IceCube machine and
look and go how lucky am i but I got a
fucking home but I got a boogie I know
you do let's wrap this bitch on a boogie
and fucking pee all right no man both a
lady to see you love you too happy
fourth of July everybody
Charlotte next week you dirty bitches
I'm excited thank you they came in
Atlantic City and bitch we didn't talk
about Baltimore LeBeau yeah I know the
food and Baltimore Morgana or John Rallo
yeah shoutout to John Rallo
all right fuck love you guys love you
bye
[Applause]
[Music]